and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday the twelfth of august.
In some places it rains longer and local flooding is possible again.
In the northwest, it will remain mostly dry tonight, with some heavy showers expected with thunder and lightning.
also during the day there are widespread partly strong showers or thunderstorms and in some regions abundant rainfall.
Larger gaps in the clouds can be found mainly in the northwest.
in emsland tonight only nine on the Upper Rhine to seventeen degrees.
Tomorrow similar temperatures as today nineteen to twenty-five degrees in the lausitz to twenty-seven degrees.
on friday it may rain longer and more heavily in the eastern half caution flood risk.
otherwise variable with showers and thunderstorms that accompany us also on the weekend.
little changes to the temperature level.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Tuesday, the twenty-sixth of October.
the low over italy ensures that it still snows or rains at night in the alps.
at the same time the high above the britannie extends further eastwards and brings us some calm and partly friendly weather tomorrow in large parts of germany.
during the day a mixture of sunny clouds and fog in the east and southeast as well as in the north sea some showers towards the evening in the northwest the clouds become more dense.
in the north and east the wind blows light to moderate otherwise mostly only slightly in the evening it refreshes in the northwest.
six degrees at night on the north sea and minus six degrees in the Allgäu.
on day three in berchtesgadener land and eleven degrees in the Lower Rhine.
Towards the southeast clouds partly cloudy and partly sunny.
the high that will be over eastern central europe tomorrow will be our weather until at least sunday with lots of sun and rising temperatures.
the drought continues only in the west and southwest showers are possible on Sunday.
tonight it is mostly clear with only a few thin clouds moving over the north and the middle eastwards.
in the daytime a lot of sun here and there a few thin fog clouds in the afternoon over the southwestern central mountains and the alps a few spring clouds form.
the wind blows mostly weak sometimes moderate.
tonight seven degrees in aachen and minus two degrees in the alpine valleys.
by day fifteen degrees on Rügen and twenty-five degrees on the Upper Rhine.
sunny weather on saturday also on sunday in large parts of germany lots of sunshine.
in the west and southwest it is partly cloudy with scattered showers or thunderstorms.
Also on monday the sun shines mostly, but in the far west scattered showers can be expected.
Strong winds also cause snow drifts and there are severe weather warnings from the German weather service.
Tonight it snows mainly in the south but towards tomorrow new snow and rain will move in from the northwest and make for dangerous slippage.
in the northwest and west there is also freezing rain temporarily.
in the southeast it will remain partly friendly and mostly dry until evening.
tonight especially in the east and south severe frost on the north sea plus one degree.
there tomorrow plus four on the edge of the Alps to minus seven degrees.
on friday in the east and at the edge of the Alps still snow otherwise partly friendly and mostly dry.
Partly friendly even on Saturday.
towards the evening snow is coming in from the west and will spread further on Sunday.
Good evening dear viewers.
the stormy weather is over again tomorrow and then at the weekend spring can slowly bring such a tender green into these brown-rough landscapes.
tonight it will still rain in the middle and in the north of germany.
and tomorrow morning there will even be sleet on the North Sea coast it is cold enough as little above zero degrees it is.
and also during the day we have these differences in temperature because in the south it gets mild again with ten to fourteen degrees while at the coasts it remains significantly cooler.
but there the sun is shining again even if there are still some rain showers in the morning and it is still windy before all things.
stormy gusts from the west until the afternoon then the wind abates.
in the middle of germany it is cloudy at the beginning it is still raining and in the south we also have sunny weather and the wind is only weak.
on sunday also on the coasts slowly warmer but first rain showers are likely in the northwest.
Have a nice evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow saturday the fifteenth of august.
the north is touched by the clouds of a low near scotland.
and near the coast there are still clouds that bring rain, especially towards denmark.
Here and there individual fog fields form.
in the far north it may rain a little bit tomorrow.
Individual showers or thunderstorms are possible over the alps.
otherwise the sun shines.
also on Monday and Tuesday still slightly changeable and not quite as warm.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the sixteenth june.
high air pressure between azores and baltic states continues to determine the weather in northern and central germany.
the deep that draws from the mediterranean to the old provides rainfall in the south.
the night is mostly clear in the south, the clouds are denser together in places it rains.
during the day rain must be expected, especially between the black forest in the Bavarian forest, which can be heavy.
in the northern half next to loose clouds a lot of sun.
in the northeast, the wind blows slightly to moderately towards the southwest, partly with fresh to strong winds with single stormy gusts in the high altitudes also gusts.
tonight fifteen degrees in the breisgau and up to five degrees in the north.
sixteen degrees on the Baltic Sea and where it rains longer otherwise up to twenty-three degrees.
on thursday it rains also in the middle in the south partly strong thunderstorms.
in the north the sun shows up in some areas.
also on friday it is partly friendly in the north otherwise more clouds than sun partly thundery rainfall.
On Saturday it will be mostly cloudy.
Dear viewers good evening.
in the north there was a lot of sun today but it was also quite icy.
in this picture of berlin you can literally feel the cold.
Tomorrow there will be strong movement into the weather with a low that will bring heavy snowfall and stormy winds.
and that will keep us busy until Thursday.
Tonight it will be very cold so if you don't have to go out you should stay at home.
it is clear widespread to minus twenty-five degrees can be reached in the east in the west also to minus twenty-one degrees.
The first snowflakes are already falling on the east coast tomorrow morning.
In the afternoon the snowfalls spread further towards the northern highlands.
in the northwest there may be freezing rain or freezing rain with dangerous icy roads.
in the south it will stay dry and temperatures will be between minus nine and plus four degrees on the coast tomorrow.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the eighth of may.
Tomorrow, high above Scandinavia, the weather will continue to dominate large parts of germany.
low pressure over the Balkans and the atlantic directs clouds into a few regions for showers but only sporadically.
Tonight it is clear over the western half here and there thin haze clouds.
in the morning there will be a lot of sunshine in the west and southwest, but there will be some cloudy showers or thunderstorms.
the wind blows light to moderate in the north with strong gusts on the coasts.
tonight fifteen degrees in the Lower Rhine and up to one degree in the East.
on the day twenty-one to twenty-eight degrees at the Baltic Sea it remains cooler with seaweed.
also on monday mostly sunny here and there clouds in the far west and northwest showers and thunderstorms are possible.
on tuesday it will be sunny in the west with scattered showers and thunderstorms.
on wednesday partly sunny and partly cloudy showers and thunderstorms will be more frequent.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Saturday, the thirteenth of February.
humid cold air flows to us in germany.
and the snowfalls gradually decrease on Sunday it hardly snows anymore.
During the night it snows light in places, especially on the Baltic Sea.
caution due to icy roads.
fresh wind at the lake during the day.
tonight minus two to minus thirteen degrees on the day in sauerland minus five degrees on the rhine and spree zero degrees.
the outlook on sunday only locally some snow on monday quiet wintry weather in some places the sun shines mainly but it is cloudy or foggy cloudy.
on tuesday in the northwest many clouds bringing snow in some areas otherwise it will be partly friendly and dry.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday, the second november.
in the northwest of germany, however, low foothills are noticeable which will provide rain and wind especially in the north in the next few days.
in the northwest it is mostly cloudy tonight, otherwise the stars are partly visible.
away from the fog it will be sunny and cloudy.
on the Alps it is cloudy here and there a few drops fall.
moderate in the north moderate and on the coasts fresh wind with strong to stormy gusts.
tonight in the north until nine at the edge of the alps cool two degrees.
tomorrow temperatures from nine to thirteen on the Lower Rhine to fourteen degrees.
in the north it will be mostly cloudy with rain and windy and partly stormy in the coming days.
A lot friendlier towards the south and mostly dry.
It remains very mild.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the twenty-fourth of February.
clouds of low pressure near iceland will bring freezing rain and snow to western germany tonight.
Tomorrow the precipitation will become weaker and will still move towards the middle.
the east remains under the influence of high pressure.
sunny during the day in the east and very in the southeast otherwise some snow or freezing rain in the western lowlands rain.
the wind blows in the southeast half light otherwise light to moderate at the north and east sea fresh wind.
tonight minus fifteen degrees in the east and plus two degrees in cologne.
on the day to minus four degrees in the east on the Lower Rhine seven degrees.
on friday in the eastern half sun and clouds otherwise it rains a little bit only on the alps some snow.
on saturday a rain area moves from northwest to southeast in the northeast, partly snowing.
on sunday some rain in the higher mountains snow.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Tuesday, the twenty-ninth of november.
the center of the high is slowly shifting further southeast.
in the south and in the middle there are already fog fields in some places which will spread later.
Otherwise mostly sunny in the northwest half but also some dense clouds.
the wind blows light to moderate in the northwest half also fresh in the northwest in the evening stormy gusts.
zero degrees during the day with fog and thirteen degrees in the Allgäu.
the views on wednesday partly sunny partly clouds or fog here and there it rains a bit.
from thursday onwards rain clouds gradually spread towards the southeast.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the ninth of may.
because the air is warm also the temperatures rise a little.
in the north it is still partly cloudy here and there some rain.
a few showers towards the south then partly cloudy and partly clear.
Fog is forming locally.
during the day there will be many clouds in the west and southwest with some rain later in the middle and in the south there will be showers especially in the east and southeast also thunderstorms.
in the north it remains dry for a longer time.
the wind blows mostly weak in showers and thunderstorms no strong refreshments locally gusts of wind are possible.
tonight nine to three degrees with a longer clear near zero degrees.
on the coasts tomorrow cool ten degrees in the southeast significantly warmer to twenty-one degrees.
There it will be a little warmer in the new week in the north it will remain cool.
the whole with many clouds the rain sometimes still bring strong showers and thunderstorms.
little will change on this unsettled weather until Wednesday.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the twenty-fourth of february.
low air pressure determines our weather.
also on the coasts of germany again unstable weather prevails.
there in the north it is still relatively cold, otherwise it is quite mild.
The changeable weather will continue in the coming days.
in the north there are gaps in the cloud cover tonight otherwise it will rain here and there from emsland to brandenburg, partly snow or freezing rain.
the wind blows light to moderate at the lake also fresh.
tonight eight degrees on the Upper Rhine minus seven degrees on the east sea.
fourteen degrees in the breisgau and one degree in the very north.
the outlook also on thursday it rains in some areas, especially in the southeast half the sun shows up.
on Friday it will be cloudy, but mostly dry for a while.
on Saturday there will be some showers with snow in deeper areas.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Saturday, the twenty-fifth of september.
There is an extensive low pressure zone over central Europe, which mainly brings abundant rainfall to eastern and southern Germany.
the high west and east of it have hardly any influence on our weather.
Tonight there are still some heavy showers and thunderstorms on the way in the south and southeast.
Towards the northwest, the clouds sometimes break up.
also tomorrow in the west and northwest again and again cloudy patches and some showers in the south later also in the east is widespread partly longer lasting and heavy rain.
at the beginning of the night strong to stormy gusts are possible with showers and thunderstorms.
light to moderate winds from west to northwest tomorrow.
on the edge of the alps tonight seven in the northeast still to thirteen degrees.
there tomorrow at least still mild twenty otherwise ten to seventeen degrees.
on sunday in the west and south apart from some showers also some sunshine.
otherwise many clouds and occasionally abundant rain.
also in the new week unstable and even cooler.
in the east it will be windy.
Good evening dear viewers.
Tomorrow it will probably be sunnier and the fog fields like here in the Allgäu will withdraw a bit.
but we also expect rain especially for northern germany because tonight a band of rain is coming from the west but will not reach us until tomorrow afternoon in the northwest.
before sunshine, less fog, that's the good news.
tonight, however, in the south no all-clear thick fog continues to be visible for a hundred or only fifty meters.
markedly cooler in the south only at the edge of the Alps with sun ten otherwise frosty in the fog and these fog fields well they shrink a bit and are probably still in eastern bavaria at the danube on even south of the danube.
but otherwise there is a lot of sunshine tomorrow before the rain picks up at the North Sea that is the case in the afternoon and then the wind gets stronger again.
saturday then less wind again it is dry but on sunday there will be storm and gale force winds through northern germany probably also through the christmas markets in the south but nice weather with sunshine.
Have a nice evening and do well.
The mostly dry and generally friendly autumn weather will continue tomorrow.
responsible for this is high above the east of Europe.
at the same time milder air arrives from the southwest to germany the temperatures rise slightly.
Tomorrow there will be some fog or high fog in the east and south.
in the rest of the country the sun prevails later it gets a bit cloudier in the far east as well as in the far west.
tonight it cools down to values between plus five degrees at the north sea and minus seven in the Allgäu.
tomorrow the highest temperatures range from seven degrees in the vogtland to fourteen degrees in the breisgau.
the outlook on wednesday the friendly weather continues to be widespread only in the west it may rain a little.
on thursday the clouds take to rain falls in the south and west.
Friday will be quite changeable everywhere.
Good evening dear viewers.
yes this afternoon already these violent thunderstorms you can see it here on this strong rain echoes to the north moved and then brought thunderstorms already over schleswig holstein.
but now it goes on in the middle of germany violent thunderstorms build up and thereby also new thunderstorms now leave the alps.
thirty degrees at the moment we still have twenty-two degrees south of berlin in cologne - that is the difference in temperature.
and this dry air is progressing slowly to the east.
tonight only hesitantly because we still have the violent thunderstorms that move further north then weaken in the second half of the night.
in the west calms down later on and we probably have to expect a few thunderstorms up on the North Sea coast in the next few hours.
tomorrow there will still be rain in the east and maybe some thunderstorms.
in the morning but in the west a really wonderful air is already there.
so sun and clouds alternate, the air is drier and it does not rain anymore.
and in the afternoon we have chances that this air will slowly reach berlin.
there are only sporadic showers or thunderstorms in the afternoon somewhere in the east also at the edge of the Alps.
and it is a bit cooler it is more bearable it is twenty-five to thirty degrees still on the north and east sea well there air and water have the same temperature twenty to twenty-two degrees.
but then it starts again with the heat on Wednesday again up to thirty-six degrees.
also on Thursday and Friday sunny and hot and occasionally rain showers or thunderstorms.
Have a nice evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Monday, the twenty-second of August.
tomorrow there are three weather zones in germany.
the south is sunny with a high altitude of the Balkans, the north is under the influence of a high over england and the middle brings low pressure over sweden and france.
in the north mostly friendly and also in the south the sun shines.
Isolated heatstorms are possible there.
apart from thunderstorm gusts, the wind blows slightly to moderately at the Baltic Sea also fresh.
on the Upper Rhine tonight until twenty-one in the emsland twelve degrees.
tomorrow temperatures from twenty degrees at the lake to thirty-five in the breisgau.
on tuesday in the north and west occasionally dense clouds with showers and thunderstorms.
in the east and south mostly friendly isolated heat thunderstorms locally severe weather is possible.
on wednesday the risk of thunderstorms and severe weather increases everywhere.
Similar weather also on Thursday.
Dear viewers good evening.
the coming week will be wintry from day to day a bit more.
here the cold air from the north can work its way further to Central and also to Western Europe.
already tonight we are dealing with snow and rain in the northeast, rain to the south and partly also snow, whereby the snowfall limit drops to about three hundred meters in the night.
stormy winds on the coasts tomorrow.
in the northeast still partly rain.
in the evening there may be snow in the northwest from time to time and some sunshine, otherwise there may be snow or rain showers from time to time.
the highest temperatures are only one to six degrees and the next days will be even colder.
from thursday there will also be widespread permafrost during the day and if something comes from the sky then it will definitely be snow.
now I wish you a nice evening.
the high air pressure will weaken tomorrow also in the south of Germany.
Increasingly, lows affect our weather.
otherwise it rains or drizzles here and there.
during the day in the south sun clouds and fog otherwise many clouds.
weak wind in the south, otherwise it blows moderately at the North Sea also fresh.
tonight ten degrees in east frisia and down to minus two degrees in the south.
on the day seven degrees in the Vogtland and up to fourteen degrees in the Lower Rhine.
on sunday it is quite friendly in the north, especially towards the south there is also snow in some areas in the highlands.
on monday in the south only a little rain otherwise sunny clouds and fog.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the seventh april.
Also tomorrow we will get a lot of sunshine but then it will disappear towards the east.
in the west, meanwhile, low foothills with their clouds are noticeable, but they can only bring a few drops in the evening.
During the night it is mostly clear or only slightly cloudy only here and there fog develops especially in valleys and wind sheltered depressions.
during the day some loose clouds appear in the west on the west of the rhine towards the evening but it remains mostly dry.
the outlook in the southeast half is still quite friendly on thursday otherwise there will be more clouds than sun and scattered showers.
from Friday it will be changeable everywhere and it will be cooler again.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the thirteenth of may.
Germany lies within an extensive low pressure zone.
It extends from southwestern Europe to Scandinavia.
It stays cool.
Tonight it rains only slightly in the northwest and partly heavily in the south.
otherwise it is mostly dry but cloudy there are some friendly parts in the east as well as at the north sea.
the wind will be light to moderate tomorrow and will come from north to northwest.
tonight values between nine and two degrees during the day in the highlands and with rain single digits in the east to seventeen degrees.
on friday it rains mainly in the south and east here and there the sun shows up most likely in the northwest.
on sunday it rains heavily in the south-east in the north and west it is occasionally friendly in the west but also showers.
Good evening dear viewers.
In the next two days it will be a bit warmer and, above all, we hardly expect sunny rain again.
that falls over western europe there, this rain area moves on to the north sea but also a new one already on portugal and spain.
and also in the eastern mediterranean we have an autumn storm which is now leaving with continuous rain with thunderstorms and gale force winds.
yes and with us it is rather quiet and that means tonight there are fog fields again, especially in southern Germany.
in the north there are a few cloudfields passing by and in the south with clear skies it gets coldest at least we still get light frost down to minus three degrees.
It remains significantly milder under the clouds of northern Germany.
and tomorrow we can expect the highest temperatures in the west at least again fifteen to seventeen degrees west of the Rhine.
otherwise in the north and east also warmer than today with ten to fourteen degrees.
it will be mostly sunny with a few clouds which will be a bit denser in northern germany.
and in the afternoon there is this strong southerly wind.
in southern germany the wind is not that strong therefore the fog fields hold first but in the afternoon there is a foehn on the north side of the alps and then the fog is over.
yes there may also be fog on Saturday but it will be mostly sunny maybe in the west a few drops of rain.
Sunday and Monday it will be mostly sunny, occasionally cloudy for a while.
Have a nice evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Wednesday, the twenty-ninth of September.
the high above Scandinavia will be noticeable tomorrow, especially in the northwest of Germany.
It remains volatile in the south and east.
the air that flows to us is pretty cool.
in the night it rains here and there in the south and east only a few drops.
Fog is spreading in places.
during the day partly cloudy, partly cloudy weather will dominate.
It will rain most kindly in the northwest in the east and south or there will be showers in some places.
in the north and east tomorrow weak to moderate wind in the Ore Mountains and at the Baltic Sea sometimes strong gusts, otherwise the wind usually blows only weakly.
tonight ten degrees in frankfurt on main three degrees in the northwest there may be ground frost.
on the day ten degrees in Vogtland and seventeen degrees on the Rhine.
the outlook on thursday it is in the east half longer friendly in the west half more clouds than sun and rain in places.
It will be similar on Friday and Saturday.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday the thirteenth april.
low air pressure still influences the weather in southern and central germany.
the north, on the other hand, benefits from high air pressure.
This will not change on Wednesday.
during the day in the north a lot of sun in the south and in the middle the clouds are more or less close together here and there it rains or showers.
in the afternoon some short thunderstorms.
the northeasterly wind blows light to moderate in places also fresh.
tonight six degrees in the rhein main area minus three degrees at the alps.
on the day eight degrees in upper Franconia and sixteen degrees on the lower Rhine.
on friday sunny times with clouds especially in the alps and in the northeast it rains a bit in the north it is windy.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday the thirteenth of july.
the cold front of a North Sea deep crosses us from west to east.
there are partly severe thunderstorms, there are corresponding warnings of the german weather service.
behind the thunderstorm front some cooler atlantic air flows from the west to germany.
otherwise there are still many clouds but in the afternoon the sun shines more often.
during the night severe storms are occasionally accompanied by gale-force gusts.
tomorrow apart from showers and thunderstorms mostly light to moderate at the sea also fresh westerly wind.
in the Eifel today after thirteen on the Spree to twenty-two degrees.
on the north sea tomorrow eighteen in the lausitz and in the breisgau to thirty degrees.
The next few days will be mostly sunny and again hotter.
Particularly in the afternoon and evening hours, some parts of the region will again experience severe thunderstorms.
Dear viewers good evening.
the west is clearly favored by the sun today, as here in bremerhaven or in Duesseldorf, the sun shone ten degrees plus.
It was much colder in the eastern half and this weather situation is very stable.
Continued cold air in the east with a bit of snow from the west but the next rain won't arrive until Sunday.
that means tonight at most a few fog fields partly clear in the east, there may be a few snowflakes and it will be quite cool tonight.
Tomorrow, with light permafrost in the far north-east towards the south-west, it will be noticeably milder at least six to eight degrees plus.
and there is also more sun than clouds, so five to eight hours of sunshine can come together.
on the other hand, it remains cloudy over the eastern half, but locally there may still be some snow on the edge of the alpine falls also some snow or rain but it will not be much overall.
and in the next few days these temperature contrasts remain almost constant as you can see.
that means still cold in the east, still mild in the southwest, the weather relatively calm.
only on Sunday it starts from the southwest with some rain in the highlands then also with snow.
and now I wish you a nice evening.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the 18th of april.
slightly more humid air flows, however, to the south.
there are some showers in the afternoon.
the night runs mostly clear only the coasts and the alps draw a few clouds.
in the daytime much sunshine denser clouds appear in the south in the afternoon develop south of the danube single showers partly accompanied by thunderstorms.
the wind blows weakly from different directions on the coasts as well as during showers and thunderstorms it blows moderately to strongly.
tonight six to zero degrees in some places minus two degrees in some valleys.
eleven degrees on the sea and up to twenty-one degrees on the Lower Rhine.
on monday more sun than clouds single showers fall especially in the afternoon over the alps and in the black forest.
on wednesday especially in the north rain and sleet showers in the south longer dry periods.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the second october.
between the deep over northeastern Europe and the high over the biscay, cool air continues to flow to us.
during the night there are showers also south of the river Main in the northern german lowlands.
tomorrow in the northern half some showers at the east sea also short thunderstorms.
Even in the Alps it rains slightly in between it is dry.
the wind blows light to moderate in the northeast in gusts also strong winds from west to northwest.
on Saturday it will be rainy with scattered clouds.
To the south, it's friendlier.
on monday partly sunny, partly cloudy and here and there rain.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the twenty-fourth of January.
tonight there are a lot of clouds here and there, a few flakes are trickling down, especially near the alps, and the stars are also visible in the north and northwest.
there tomorrow the sun shines next to dense clouds in some areas, otherwise it remains mostly cloudy.
Particularly in the southeast half, it can sometimes snow slightly.
the wind blows light to moderate from the northeast.
Tonight there will be severe frost everywhere it clears up.
Also during the day it stays freezing in the Breisgau to minus eight degrees in the east.
on friday it gets even friendlier towards the north.
on saturday the clouds will also get some snow in the middle and in the south gaps in the western parts of the country.
on sunday milder from the west with snow later in the west also rain which can freeze.
Dear viewers good evening.
the start of october was very positive.
In the next few days not much will change at the beginning but during the course of the week cooler air can slowly prevail from the northwest.
the warm air is first pushed to the northeast.
tonight there will be a few drops of rain in the northwest.
the wind increases strongly to the southwesterly wind.
to the south all quieter only at the edge of the Alps even here and there some raindrops.
and the night will be cool where it clears up definitely below ten degrees.
Tomorrow the rain clouds will spread a bit further to the northeast but not much will fall out.
and east of the same it gets quite friendly again eighteen to twenty degrees.
the twenty are also reached on the Upper Rhine and in addition also in the south of germany very friendly weather first at the alps the clouds then again somewhat denser.
in the next few days it will slowly become more windy again and then gradually a little cooler.
with that I wish you a nice evening.
the high provides a relatively cold wind from the northeast, the low for thick clouds and also for rain from the south.
already during the night it rains between the Black Forest and the Erzgebirge.
in northern germany it will be clear and then really cold as the temperatures in the Lüneburg heath drop to minus four degrees.
Tomorrow we can expect maximum temperatures between ten and fifteen degrees and in southeastern Bavaria it can even go up to twenty degrees, at least when the sun crosses.
but mostly it remains cloudy in the south and southeast and there is some rain.
in northern Germany, on the other hand, the sun shines brightly.
After that the weather calms down and the Saturday becomes really friendly.
That was it for tonight.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the thirty-first of january.
which causes a little colder air to flow to us again tomorrow.
We also have clouds of low pressure moving into Scotland.
in the night it rains first south of the danube otherwise there are some showers and it clears up partially.
on the coasts it rains from time to time.
on the day first in the north-east sun also in the south it is quite friendly at the alps also for a long time.
then the clouds become denser.
from the west there is widespread rain showers.
the wind blows fresh to strong on the coasts stormy gusts can occur.
in the north heavy squalls at the lake gale-force gusts.
at night six degrees on the Rhine and one degree on the Alps.
day five degrees in the Vogtland and thirteen degrees in the Upper Rhine.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday the eleventh of january.
the strong high above Scandinavia and the low that shifts to the black sea ensure that cold and cloudy air flows to us.
at night it snows especially in the eastern half here and there caution due to slippage.
on the Baltic Sea, beware of gale-force winds and snow drifts, the German weather service has issued a severe weather warning.
during the day it snows here and there only slightly the sun shows up most likely in the very north and in the extreme southwest.
the wind blows in the south weak otherwise moderate at the coasts fresh with stormy gusts at the east sea.
tonight zero degrees at the east sea and minus ten degrees in the southwest.
on the day minus six degrees in upper Franconia and plus two degrees on the east sea.
the outlook on tuesday it snows only seldom on wednesday in the north and east a little bit of snow, otherwise it is friendly apart from some fog and high fog fields.
on thursday it is partly cloudy or foggy partly friendly there were only a few flakes in the southwest also raindrops.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday the eighth of february.
icy air flows from eastern Europe to germany and in the coming nights there will be severe frost again.
values of minus fifteen degrees can be expected in some regions.
also during the day usually accompanies us permafrost.
tonight it will be partly cloudy, especially in the middle and in the south the stars will sparkle.
Here and there some snow showers in the west are also possible.
fog forms especially near rivers and lakes.
in the daytime partly cloudy or foggy cloudy partly friendly regionally the sun may show up for a longer time.
Particularly in the east some snow falls.
the wind blows light to moderate from east to northeast.
tonight everywhere frosty cold where it clears up there are also double digits minus degrees.
on Tuesday little changes on the cold partly friendly weather.
on wednesday some areas of snowfall which can be heavy, especially at the Baltic Sea.
Also on thursday it continues wintry.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the twenty-first of october.
thanks to a high our weather calms down again from tomorrow.
Dry sunny autumn weather awaits us, however, according to the season persist in some regions tough fog fields.
during the night it is clear at first, before fog forms especially in the middle of the night, caution due to slippage caused by ripe or freezing wetness.
over the north dense clouds move away at the coasts it rains a bit.
in the daytime it is often sunny with a few loose clouds at least where the sometimes tough fog fields are clearing.
on the coasts locally lighter spray.
the wind blows weakly on the coasts moderately in gusts also fresh.
at night six degrees by the sea otherwise four to minus five degrees.
the prospects on all three days a similar game.
at first quite viscous fog where it dissolves then for a long time a lot of sunshine.
still flows unusually cold air to us for the season.
in eastern and southeastern Germany, the weather is unsettled deep over eastern Europe.
in the west and northwest high air pressure ensures mostly friendly weather.
During the night it rains or snows here and there in the east and southeast.
It can get slick in places.
during the day it is mostly friendly in the west and northwest.
after easterly snow or sleet partially to low altitudes.
on the or it rains.
direction east and at the coasts fresh breeze.
one degree in the Vogtland and eleven degrees at the North Sea.
on saturday, especially in the south and east, some rain and snow in the mountains.
sunny moments in the west and northwest.
on sunday here and there some rain in the highlands also snow.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday the twenty-first of november.
not much new from the weather.
the high that extends from southeastern Europe to germany determines our weather.
A change in weather is not expected until Friday.
during the night some clouds remain over the middle of the night, only a few drops fall.
otherwise it is partly clear partly foggy.
the fog sometimes lasts the whole day in the north along the Upper Rhine and the Danube.
where it dissolves, the sun appears.
on the Alps and in the higher low mountain ranges it seems mostly undisturbed.
the wind blows only weakly tomorrow in the mountains even moderately.
at night plus four to minus four degrees with fog caution due to icy roads.
on the day then zero degrees with persistent fog in the southeast and thirteen degrees on the Lower Rhine.
on tuesday in the north on the Upper Rhine and on the Danube often tough fog otherwise mostly sunny.
on wednesday and thursday it will remain cloudy locally a little sparkling rain in places the sun shows up.
between the high which extends from western Europe to Scandinavia and the low over eastern Europe, unusually cold air flows to us for the season.
in the north and west the night is clear otherwise there are isolated showers.
Above eight hundred to four hundred meters of snow showers in the Alps, it snows longer.
showers here and there during the day, especially in the eastern half.
in the Alps and in the Erzgebirge for long periods of snow.
in the west light to moderate wind in the east it blows moderate to fresh stormy gusts on the mountains.
tonight eight degrees in east friesland and zero degrees at the alps.
on day three in the Allgäu thirteen degrees on the Lower Rhine.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Saturday, the twenty-sixth of February.
the eastern half of germany will remain under the influence of high pressure tomorrow, so the sun will shine for a longer time.
the low that forms near the UK ensures that rain clouds move into the western parts of germany.
During the night it is clear in the eastern half in the western half between ems and german bay it rains slightly.
in the afternoon and evening the rain then spreads eastwards from the west.
the south to south-easterly wind blows light to moderate in the north also fresh.
tonight six degrees in the Ruhr region to minus eleven degrees in eastern saxon.
on the day zero degrees on or on reprimand on the Low and Upper Rhine to ten degrees.
on sunday it will be friendly in the east and northeast otherwise rain or drizzle on the mountains in the south also snow.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Saturday, the twenty-fourth of July.
Tomorrow will bring unsettled and rainy weather, especially in the south and east of Germany.
In some places it even rains profitably.
due to the rain we have to expect some flooding in the south and east tonight and there will be thunderstorms.
there is a severe weather warning from the German weather service.
during the day it rains in the alps and especially in the direction or longer yielding otherwise only isolated showers occasionally also sunny.
in the east fresh wind and scattered squalls otherwise the wind blows mostly moderate.
tonight temperatures between eighteen and eleven degrees on the day fifteen degrees on the Alps and twenty-three degrees on the Upper Rhine.
the outlook on sunday seems partly for a longer time the sun only single showers in the very east it can rain for a longer time.
Partly thundery showers are expected on Monday.
Also on Tuesday it is quite changeable.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow saturday the tenth of july.
subtropical air flows to us.
In addition to the extreme heat load, severe thunderstorms can occur.
Thicker clouds will move over the west and northwest tonight with no showers or thunderstorms.
during the day it will be mostly sunny in an easterly direction to the west. In addition to the sun, there will be denser clouds with showers and thunderstorms.
twenty-one degrees tonight on the Lower Rhine and twelve degrees on the Alps.
tomorrow on the day twenty-six degrees at the North Sea in the southwest to thirty-eight degrees.
on sunday in the western half some severe thunderstorms to the east it is sunny there hardly thunderstorms.
on monday in addition to sunshine here and there clouds with thundershowers there is still a risk of severe weather.
on tuesday it is not so hot in the northwest anymore, otherwise the weather does not change much.
Good evening dear viewers.
at the North Sea but also at the alps na da you could even sunbathe today.
this also works on weekends at least in the alps but not in the north.
A first is flying over Scotland with gale force winds.
it brings mild air for all of us the rain of northern germany well and the highs here in the south bring the alps the sunshine.
tonight in any case it will still rain a little bit in the alps and snow will come down.
then in the next hours here at the north sea it starts with gusts of wind and then comes the rain that spreads.
we have to expect frost in the east and in the south.
That's why there will be slick roads tomorrow morning.
but during the day it thaws quickly.
we have highs between three degrees in the middle mountains and ten degrees here in the northwest.
That's when it rains most.
It will rain heavily in northern Germany and we have this stormy southwesterly wind.
tja wind force ten to eleven.
different in south germany because the sun comes out and that becomes very friendly.
so it goes on at the weekend.
in the south so the sunshine in the north we just have the rain.
so great winter sports weather like today on the Zugspitze with a wonderful view.
Have a nice evening and do well.
Dear viewers good evening.
after the unpleasant weekend, a quiet start to the week even with a lot of sunshine throughout the northeast.
but it is already uncomfortable again the next deep catches up with us brings us again many clouds rain and wet cold weather.
It's starting to rain tonight in the northwest.
and in the east and in the south it goes on quietly with clear skies or partly with haze or fog fields light frost is then also possible again.
Tomorrow it will rain in the northeast in the west, there will be strong showers, isolated thunderstorms, stormy northwesterly winds along the coast and also strong southwesterly winds throughout the northern half.
to the south also rainy only at the edge of the Alps because it will probably stay dry until the evening and even with a little sun.
There is not much change in the temperatures.
in the course of the week it goes down even a bit and wet and cold and uncomfortable in front of all things in the north and in the middle with rain snow and sleet showers up to four hundred five hundred meters.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the seventh of October.
for the weekend the very cool air comes in from the east and the temperatures drop.
the west and north of germany are still affected by the clouds of the atlantic low bringing some rain tonight.
at the coast it can rain heavily sometimes, otherwise it is cloudy or clear.
Especially in the southern half the sky will be clouded by fog which may persist in parts tomorrow.
in the northwest half there is besides sun also occasionally denser clouds here and there rain.
on friday off and after dissolution of partly tough fog fields quite friendly and dry regionally also sunny for a longer time.
The weather will be similar over the weekend but it will be noticeably cooler.
Dear viewers good evening.
t get rid of the winter weather because we are exactly in the cold air from the north and therefore it will continue to snow with us.
tonight mainly in the eastern half especially strong in the Erzgebirge twenty centimetres over twenty centimetres of new snow until tomorrow evening.
there may be snow drifts due to the strong north-northwest wind but otherwise it can be very slippery on the roads.
and if you are on the road it will be really icy the lowest temperatures between minus eleven and minus two degrees.
Tomorrow there will be further snow in the eastern half also in the west.
in the afternoon or evening the snowfall leaves from the northwest to only the northwest, even there it will be friendly and dry tomorrow.
Thursday will bring heavy snowfall from the northwest, which will gradually ease over the next few days, but it will remain cold.
if you want to inform yourself about the current severe weather warnings, you can do so at any time via the zdf text or via the internet.
so they get through the winter weather well and goodbye till tomorrow.
scarcely does the deep in Scandinavia lose its influence on our weather, the next one is already noticeable.
after last few showers in the middle and north it is dry tonight.
towards tomorrow dense clouds move into the west and spread eastwards during the day.
Occasionally, rain falls most heavily in the northwest.
in the east it is still friendly towards or neisse and in eastern bavaria it stays dry until the evening.
the wind from south to southwest blows moderate to moderate towards the north sea, partly fresh.
the outlook on monday alternates between sun and clouds here and there showers in the south occasionally thunderstorms.
Tomorrow a little bit of the calm high pressure will change which brings us a mixture of partly tough fog fields and sun.
In the course of the week, Atlantic lows will take over the weather and it will slowly get milder again.
during the night widespread fog or high fog clouds the sky the stars can be seen above the higher mountains as well as in some areas in the middle of the country.
in the north tomorrow mostly cloudy further south partly tough fog fields away from it the sun shines for a longer time.
towards the evening freezing rain or snow will fall in the northwest.
in the south weak wind from different directions in the north moderate on the coast fresh and strong gusty southwest wind.
tonight frosty everywhere on the edge of the Alps to minus seventeen degrees.
tomorrow mostly light frost or values around freezing point on the Lower Rhine up to plus four degrees.
on wednesday some more clouds but only a little rain or snow in places.
on thursday crosses us from northwest rain thereby it becomes increasingly milder.
on friday especially in the north rain and very windy on the coasts stormy.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the thirteenth april.
the low over poland will bring rain tomorrow in eastern germany.
at the edge of the Alps there is rain or snowfall which slowly decreases during the night.
In the northeast, meanwhile, more rain is expected, especially in the west.
tomorrow light to moderate in the northeast half also fresh wind with stormy gusts in the highlands gale gusts.
minus four degrees at night in upper Swabia and plus six degrees at the north sea.
on the day in the Erzgebirge fresh four on the Rhine to fourteen degrees.
also on thursday there are a lot of clouds in the east and especially in saxon rain, otherwise sometimes sunny and cloudy and only scattered showers.
On friday and saturday more sunshine everywhere and it is getting warmer again.
At night, light frost is expected in some areas.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday the fifth of july.
the clouds that belong to the deep over eastern europe still cover the northeast half of germany.
they will slowly dissolve tomorrow.
in the west and southwest, on the other hand, the weather will be mostly friendly.
Temperatures are also on the rise.
in the southwest half and on or it is mostly clear tonight in between there are many clouds during the night as well as during the day from which it rains here and there.
otherwise a lot of sunshine especially in the west and southwest in the southeast locally showers and thunderstorms.
the wind blows mostly weak and comes from the north.
tonight sixteen degrees on the east sea and seven degrees in the allgäu.
eighteen degrees in the north and twenty-eight degrees in the upper Rhine.
on wednesday it is in the eastern half for a long time friendly from the west reaching us showers and thunderstorms.
on thursday it is at first quite friendly from the afternoon hours, especially in the south some partly violent thunderstorms.
on Friday the slightly changeable weather will continue.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the fifth of august.
an extensive deep determines further our weather.
already during the night new clouds reach us from the west.
It will continue to be volatile in the coming days.
During the night, showers and thunderstorms must be expected in places, especially in the eastern parts of the country.
heavy rainfall with thunderstorms are coming from the west.
the wind blows light to moderate in the North Sea even fresh with showers and thunderstorms it can be strong to stormy.
tonight nineteen degrees on the Upper Rhine and fourteen degrees on the Alps.
twenty degrees on the North Sea and twenty-seven degrees in Lower Bavaria.
on saturday again some partly strong showers and thunderstorms also on sunday changeable weather locally it rains heavily for a longer time.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the twenty-seventh of June.
a high that shifts from the north to the east sea provides plenty of sunshine tomorrow.
it also directs dry and very warm air to germany.
Especially in the southwest there is still some humid air and there are also isolated heat thunderstorms possible.
tonight even the few clouds that still exist are largely dissolving and tomorrow the sun is shining everywhere.
on the Upper Rhine tonight to fourteen in the northeast locally only seven degrees.
at the east sea tomorrow twenty along the Rhine twenty-eight to thirty degrees.
also on monday the sun shines mostly in the west and southwest no later isolated thunderstorms.
on tuesday in the east half sunny further west sometimes sun sometimes clouds and some showers and thunderstorms which can be violent.
on wednesday only occasionally strong thunderstorms, otherwise the sun often shines.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the twenty-second of October.
autumn will show its changeable side in the coming days.
This is due to Atlantic low pressure moving west and central Europe.
It's getting milder at the weekend.
Tomorrow it will remain dry and partly sunny only in the north-east, otherwise clouds will prevail.
in the north and northeast moderate to fresh at sea strong winds from east to southeast.
otherwise weak wind from different directions.
Tonight, temperatures will drop to eight to zero degrees.
highs between seven and twelve degrees on the Rhine to fifteen degrees tomorrow.
on friday rain falls in the north and northeast, apart from fog fields it is partly sunny and partly cloudy with scattered showers.
the weekend will be mild with a mixture of sunny clouds and rain.
the deep over central europe is noticeable during the night and tomorrow especially in the northwest half of germany with rain clouds.
during the night it rains in the northwest half of some places from bavaria to brandenburg it is partly clear in some places fog spreads.
during the day it is quite friendly in the east and southeast apart from some fog fields in the northwest half it rains in some areas the rain spreads slowly eastwards.
the wind blows weak and occasionally moderate.
Tonight temperatures will be between six and one degree where it clears to minus three degrees.
on the day five to ten degrees in the south to twelve degrees.
Thursday afternoon and evening will see some heavy rain from the west, accompanied by gale force winds.
rain showers on Friday, especially in the northern storm.
on Saturday it rains especially in the north in the south it is partly friendly and very mild.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday, the thirtieth of may.
Also tomorrow high air pressure ensures sunshine and together with warm air also for rising temperatures.
from the Atlantic is nearing a low again.
and thunderstorms are to be expected on Tuesday, especially in the eastern half of Germany.
in the north it will be cloudy tonight with some rain.
Further south only a few clouds in many places it is also clear.
Here and there fog is forming.
in the north tomorrow first even denser clouds otherwise the sun is shining widely.
in the afternoon and evening in the west and south, especially over the highlands, some strong showers and thunderstorms.
in the allgäu tonight cool five degrees in rostock and hamburg to fourteen degrees.
Tomorrow temperatures from twenty to twenty-eight along the Rhine twenty-nine to thirty-one degrees.
on tuesday it will be much cooler in the west and there will be showers and thunderstorms which have the potential for severe weather especially in the eastern half.
after the rather uniformly sunny and mild spring day it gets a bit cooler, especially in the north.
there comes cooler air with this deep that moves to scandinavia a bit of rain also that at least the volcanic ash over the north sea could be washed out and much rain but not in central europe overall.
in any case we stay in this northwest current until thursday inclusive.
with us tonight there will be a few scattered showers towards tomorrow then again in the northwest.
and on this clear night in the northeast there are already light minus degrees again.
and tomorrow before all things in the north only highest temperatures so between eight and ten eleven degrees.
in the south, for example in the breisgau at least eighteen degrees.
and the next few days bring the north really uncomfortable april weather with wind and showers.
it will be cool accordingly.
in all of germany, on average, one hundred and twenty-seven percent of the target amount has fallen.
More rain fell in the three months of the summer alone than usual in the whole year.
the nights at the moment very cool with some rain showers also on the coast.
but otherwise calm the weather and spreading single digit temperatures.
Tomorrow it will remain in the north with more clouds than sun and occasional showers.
towards the middle and south, the sunlight is much greater, the sun often shines.
in the alpine area there may be occasional showers.
and the last day of summer, so to speak, will also say goodbye tomorrow with little summer temperatures before all things in the north.
in the south up to twenty-four degrees.
but in the next days the summer will come back again until the weekend.
also in the north more warmth but also more showers and thunderstorms.
it was a nice evening for them because of the weather.
Good evening dear viewers.
There is not much weather, but it is getting colder here.
and this cold is currently gathering in northeastern Europe over russia.
Tomorrow we will have maximum temperatures of minus ten to minus twenty degrees.
and this cold still has an influential friend one can say.
a strong high pressure area here and that leads from the east with the easterly wind a little colder air still to central europe in the next few days.
that we noticed today in northern germany already because the temperatures dropped in the early morning then until the afternoon.
and they will continue to sink frost there is minus seven minus eight degrees.
partly it can get even colder and also in the southwest light frost from zero to minus two degrees where it can get very slippery tonight because we expect light snow and rain in the lowlands.
on the Upper Rhine it can be rain.
otherwise cloudy skies in most of germany a bit of snowfall maybe northeast of the same still.
and a few sunbeams will surely come out in the west again similar to today.
In addition, we have a strong easterly wind on the coasts and still the cold the frosty cold before all things in northeastern germany minus five to minus seven degrees maximum temperature.
Light thaw in the southwest two to five degrees.
and these high temperature contrasts we will keep in the next few days.
from saturday new snow and rain will be added.
Have a nice evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the seventh of october.
cooler air from polar latitudes is spreading throughout germany.
It is accompanied by variable weather with showers and lots of wind.
and unsettled weather awaits us in the coming days.
However, it will be milder again on Sunday.
in the night a rain area shifts over the southeast half in the other parts of the country sometimes it loosens up.
during the day dense clouds some sunshine some showers partly with sleet or thunderstorms.
tonight ten degrees at the north sea and four degrees in the sauerland.
on the day eight degrees at the alps usually ten to fifteen degrees.
on Saturday many clouds some showers.
in the southwest half it rains more abundantly at the alps.
the snowfall limit is one thousand meters.
on sunday in the east friendly moments in the west but again new rainfall.
on monday generally unsettled weather with lots of wind.
Sunday will be followed by mild Atlantic air.
in the northwest there will be locally showers in the southeast tonight, some rain above three hundred to five hundred meters also snow.
in the rest of the country partly cloudy or foggy partly clear.
in the east there will be some sunshine tomorrow and it will stay dry until the evening.
otherwise mostly cloudy, first it rains in the west later also further east and south in the mountains snow falls at first.
Spread around the freezing point tonight or light frost locally it may get slippery.
tomorrow temperatures range from one degree in southeastern Bavaria to ten degrees on the Lower Rhine.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday the twelfth of july.
the wedge of a north atlantic high brings us tomorrow mostly friendly weather with a lot of sunshine.
from the biscay is approaching but already the next low that from tomorrow night again for showers and thunderstorms with severe weather potential provides.
some of them also hold themselves in the morning and bring scattered showers or thunderstorms otherwise the sun often shines.
over the mountains in the south and west a few heat thunderstorms may develop in the afternoon.
late in the evening there will be showers and thunderstorms from france.
Apart from showers and thunderstorms, the easterly wind will be moderate to moderate tomorrow.
eight degrees tonight at the danish border sixteen in the southwest.
there morning to thirty-four degrees near the coast twenty-one to twenty-four degrees.
on wednesday showers and thunderstorms spread to the east and there is a risk of severe weather.
on Thursday on the coast occasionally rain and windy otherwise changeable.
on Friday partly cloudy partly friendly and only scattered showers.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the twenty-ninth of july.
at the weekend it will be warmer and friendlier.
tonight there will be some strong showers here and there in the beginning also some thunderstorms otherwise it will be partly clear and partly cloudy.
abundant rainfall is possible, especially in the northward congestion of the Alps.
at night ten to fourteen at the lake to sixteen degrees.
tomorrow temperatures from sixteen degrees in the Allgäu to twenty-three on the Spree.
on friday there will be sunshine and clouds and heavy showers especially in the south.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the thirtieth of january.
Permanent rain plus mild air causes thaw which in turn causes some river levels to rise, especially in the highlands.
in some places severe weather warnings of the German weather service apply.
in the night it rains most in the north and in the east half in the south it also loosens up during the day.
Otherwise a band of rain moves from the northwest to the southeast.
is through it loosens here and there on nevertheless some showers in the north, short thunderstorms are possible.
the wind blows fresh to strong.
gusts are also heavy gusts on the higher mountains hurricane gusts in the north.
thursday starts friendly later from west new rain and partly stormy wind.
on Friday it rains in some areas and it is windy.
on Saturday it rains or snows widely in the northwest it will become friendlier later.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday the twenty-fourth of October.
In the next two days we can expect unsettled weather.
as it gets colder again, the rain in the mountains turns into snow.
From Tuesday it will be more friendly under the influence of high pressure in partly clear nights but also frosty again.
Tonight there will be heavy rain in many areas and heavy rain in the southwest.
Also tomorrow many clouds with some rain or showers which are also strong in the north.
at the edge of the Alps it can rain longer.
in the west and northwest as far as Saxony and brandenburg the sun can be seen and there are only occasional showers.
moderate northerly wind from west to southwest with strong to strong gusts.
tomorrow five degrees in the allgäu to eleven on rhein elbe and saale.
on monday near the alps even longer lasting rain about seven hundred meters of snow.
Otherwise partly fog or clouds and especially in the north showers.
From Tuesday onwards, it will be increasingly friendly from the west as the fog clears.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Saturday, the twenty-third of January.
also on saturday a calm mixture of fog clouds and occasional sunshine awaits us.
Tonight the sky is mostly cloudy.
where gaps open up, fog can form.
Occasionally a few flakes or drops fall.
Some snow or freezing rain is expected in the northwest and west in the evening.
in the south weak in the north partly moderate and near the coast also fresh wind from the southeast.
in the east and south tonight severe frost in the far west values around the freezing point.
Tomorrow temperatures will range from plus five degrees on the Rhine to minus eight degrees on the Rhine.
also on sunday there are many clouds that bring snow or rain especially in the west half which can freeze locally.
at the beginning of the week, the sun is still making itself scarce, snow is falling.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Saturday, the twenty-ninth of September.
in the south the night starts clear also otherwise most clouds dissolve.
only in the northwest there will be showers later.
during the day the clouds spread from the north sea over the northwest half with isolated showers.
between palatinate and saxon it remains the longest friendly southeast of it it occasionally rains.
Eleven degrees at night in the northwest four degrees in the alpine valleys.
thirteen degrees a day in schleswig holstein and twenty degrees where the sun shines longer.
on sunday and monday it will be mostly sunny in the southeast and on the coasts.
on tuesday in the south and east it will be quite friendly from the west, the clouds will fall more densely in places showers.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the fourth of february.
high air pressure differences provide for stormy winds, especially in northern Germany.
there the lows also bring partly longer lasting rain.
In the south it is friendlier thanks to the influence of high pressure.
Tonight there will be snow or freezing rain in the southeast.
Later comes more rain in the north on the northeast as well as in the northern highlands may freeze.
snow is also possible there.
during the day it rains heavily in the northern half.
Further south there are clouds and fog fields, partly sunshine and it remains mostly dry.
It's getting milder.
in the north it will remain rainy and windy at the weekend.
on saturday partly still stormy in the south friendly.
on monday on the coasts still intermittent rain and very windy otherwise widespread friendly.
Dear viewers good evening.
today is the first summer day for the meteorologists but the spring that ended yesterday was also too warm.
We were also very spoiled but overall the temperatures were largely above average.
for example here this curve of stuttgart echterdingen here the red the mean the deviations largely upwards.
The driest spring on record, though.
and we see here that all these bright yellow regions there it was much too dry partly only four percent of the normal value of rain have fallen at all.
and there is not much rain at the moment because the rain retreats more and more towards the edge of the alps.
otherwise it remains dry relatively cool the night and also tomorrow at best a few showers at the edge of the Alps.
but otherwise a lot of sunshine partly strong north-northeasterly wind and pleasant temperatures partly again just above twenty degrees to twenty-five even in the Rhine.
in sum so this long weekend very summery but then from saturday in the middle and also in the south again with thunderstorms.
I wish you a good evening.
Good evening dear viewers.
It will be warmer again tomorrow and it will be more and more beautiful.
the rain decreases more and more.
the cool weather is moving towards the southeast what follows are a few small areas of rain.
tomorrow afternoon here over northern germany that touches us.
otherwise the next few days will be much warmer from the southwest and sunnier with this wonderful high pressure area.
in any case there are still some small showers here and there tonight.
but otherwise it clears up more and more from the west and it gets coolest here on the Rhine in the hunsrück or in the Eifel.
s about four to seven degrees in the east before all things.
and only at the coasts it stays a little cooler, the clouds are just dense.
and in the afternoon it starts raining again at the North Sea coast.
the wind will also be strong there from the southwest can give stormy gusts in the North Sea.
otherwise in the middle and in the south sun and clouds change at most at the edge of the alps there is a small rain shower.
In the next few days it will be even warmer from the southwest and it will be quite sunny but unfortunately you will not be so spoiled in northern Germany.
Have a nice evening and do well.
tomorrow, high air pressure will bring a mixture of fog and sun to large parts of germany.
in the north and northwest an atlantic lowland will bring partly dense clouds.
in the rest of the country it remains dry anyway and stars are increasingly covered by fog or high fog.
And he can hold his own again tomorrow, but it's going to be friendly.
light direction north partly moderate on the coast also fresh wind from south.
there tomorrow ten to twelve degrees in the permanent fog again around the freezing point.
at the weekend sometimes sunny times clouds isolated showers in the northern half windy at the coast and stormy on the mountains.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the twentieth of august.
between the deep in ireland and the high above central europe, very warm air is beginning to flow to us.
the deep influences tomorrow the weather in northern germany otherwise it sets the tone.
during the night it clears widely and later denser clouds appear again in the west and north.
during the day there are dense clouds on the way over the north most likely at the coasts some raindrops.
a lot of sunshine in the south, isolated showers and thunderstorms.
apart from the showers and thunderstorms the wind blows weakly at the sea also moderately.
on sunday in the north and west some showers and thunderstorms.
To the southeast it is still sunny.
on monday in the north and west showers in the south and east partly strong thunderstorms.
On Friday the weather calms down temporarily before a new low takes over at the weekend.
above seven hundred meters of snow mainly in the northwest rain sleet or sleet showers in the highlands also snow showers.
in the north moderate to fresh wind with strong to stormy gusts at the north sea gusts.
in the south the wind blows mostly weakly.
tonight values between plus four and minus one degree of caution due to slippage.
on day four in southeastern Bavaria and twelve degrees in lausitz.
on Saturday it is again more unstable at the alpine föhn.
on sunday more clouds than sunny showers partly also thunderstorms.
Germany lies in the area of an extensive high pressure zone tomorrow and also on Saturday.
from sunday onwards atlantic lowlands will bring wind and rain.
Northeast of the same as in the south, the stars may show up in some areas tonight.
otherwise it is mostly cloudy or misty occasionally drop a few drops.
the day starts gray in gray in some places it stays that way but in some regions the sun comes out during the day.
in the northeast are the best chances for this.
the wind blows light to moderate in the North Sea, partly fresh from east to southeast.
Under clear skies, light frost is possible tonight in the emsland, however, plus ten degrees.
On Saturday it will be mostly friendly away from tough fog fields.
in the course of Sunday comes from the west with strong refreshing wind and partly heavy rain.
Good evening dear viewers.
it is the warmest corner currently in europe.
yes we have a fresh night ahead of us in the east it is five degrees in the west up to eight degrees.
but especially in the area of the middle mountains so thuringia forest Erzgebirge fichtelgebirge and then down to the alps there could be light ground frost again.
but tomorrow it will be warmer again than today also on the coasts it is about fifteen degrees.
and perhaps on the North Sea with the light south wind on norderney also the twenty.
It will be similar in the east, but the warmest will be twenty-two degrees here in the west and twenty-five degrees here on the Upper Rhine.
and it is getting even warmer the sun is definitely coming tomorrow everywhere it actually shines.
In addition, we have a few denser cloudfields in the north, but it remains dry.
and we have only a light southerly wind or a westerly wind in the east.
they pass over us on friday and saturday well it will be scary and quite fresh.
Have a nice evening and do well.
Dear viewers.
Permanent rain for only six to eight degrees what a day today it can only get better.
and actually the rain area over germany that you can still see here is slowly subtracting.
but this night and tomorrow morning there will be heavy rain in the north and west.
then tomorrow from the east again drier.
and it is already raining heavily in the west and north, this continues this night especially in schleswig holstein and Lower Saxony also in the west.
and there can be a bit of snow in the middle mountains above seven hundred meters.
there is also this strong stormy wind blowing in the northeast on the coasts.
yes also the temperatures at the coolest in the middle mountains well sometimes light frost is inside so it can go down to zero degrees.
in the east it stays a bit milder there it is seven degrees and there we have the highest temperatures again tomorrow at least seventeen degrees.
that is indeed an exception fourteen it has not had in Bavaria for a long time and eight to eleven degrees in the north and west.
and in the north and west we still have rain in the morning light rain the afternoon from the south decreases in addition to this stormy northeasterly wind on the coasts and in the east it will already be dry.
The weekend doesn't look too bad, it's going to be a little bit warmer for all of us and there's only a few showers.
I wish you a good evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the fifth of january.
Tomorrow we can expect mostly quite calm and cold winter weather under a light influence of high pressure.
towards the evening atlantic low foothills from the west bring rain clouds which start the thaw of the following days.
near the coast there will be some snow tonight, otherwise partly cloudy or foggy partly clear and mostly dry.
during the day there are dense clouds and fog fields as well as occasional sunshine.
at the North Sea it can snow here and there.
towards the evening freezing rain or snow must be expected in the west.
light to moderate on the coast, partly fresh and strong gusty winds from the south, which will pick up in the evening in the north and west.
with longer clear up tonight again severe frost least cold on the North Sea at minus two degrees.
tomorrow values from minus eight degrees in the thuringian basin to plus three on the high rhine.
Thursday and Friday there will be some heavy rain which, together with the melting snow, could lead to local flooding.
in the north it is still cold with a few snowflakes but on Saturday it will be milder.
the change of weather is in full swing and today germany was already under dense clouds.
It was still relatively mild.
this is because the cold air will spread further south behind this deep in the next few days and you will definitely feel the cooling.
Tonight it starts with heavy rain.
in the second half of the night from the northwest stormy southwest wind in addition in the south starry sky or fog fields.
and tomorrow it will remain dry and sunny for the longest time in the southwest.
in the north the rain slowly spreads towards the east and south then reaches the mainline in the afternoon also the black forest.
in the south it is likely to remain dry until evening.
in the north there are isolated thunderstorms and stormy gusts at the north sea.
and the temperatures in the southeast just again the twenty-four degrees but otherwise only fifteen on the coasts.
and on Friday it is only eight to fourteen degrees and in addition occasionally windy to stormy.
Unpleasant rainy weather so autumn prospects.
Have a nice evening to you.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow saturday the eleventh of july.
the low with center over Scandinavia will stay with us also tomorrow, but it will be a bit warmer and friendlier than today.
from the atlantic, however, is already approaching a new low whose foothills reach us on sunday.
the rain in the northern half moves eastwards during the night, otherwise there are only seldom showers.
tomorrow dense clouds and clearing up alternate with sun in the north and in the middle there will be some showers.
There may also be thunder and lightning towards the east, but in the south it remains mostly dry.
the wind blows light to moderate from west to southwest in the north, partly fresh at the sea with stormy gusts.
tonight the air cools down to fourteen to eight degrees.
tomorrow temperatures range from sixteen degrees in the sauerland to twenty-three degrees in the upper rhine.
Monday will be friendly at up to twenty-nine degrees.
on tuesday partly sunny times clouds during the day partly heavy showers and thunderstorms.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Tuesday, the twenty-fourth of May.
Thanks to the influence of high pressure, we can expect quite friendly weather tomorrow, especially in southern Germany.
at the beginning of the night it is still quite clear later clouds are coming from the north sea bringing a few drops.
Tomorrow these clouds move southeast and become thinner and thinner.
usually they only cover the sun for a short time.
in the north and northeast there are some showers during the day also near the alps there are some showers and thunderstorms.
the westerly wind blows light to moderate in the north also fresher on the coasts stormy gusts are possible.
tonight six to twelve on the Lower Rhine to thirteen degrees.
tomorrow thirteen degrees in north frisia to twenty-seven degrees at bodensee.
the outlook on wednesday it is occasionally cloudy in the north and south of the danube otherwise the sun often shines.
Thursday starts in a friendly way later, showers develop in some areas and sometimes violent thunderstorms.
on Friday it will be cloudy, but mostly dry for a while.
Good evening dear viewers.
it is actually getting warmer now and there is also the sunshine like here in schleswig holstein on fehmarn.
glorious sunshine temperatures in schleswig holstein up to twenty-one degrees that is slowly coming in the south.
and it still takes until it warms up a bit.
tomorrow at least not yet tonight we still have the heavy rain up to the alps.
in the northwest and also in the east it stays dry.
and tomorrow we will have a bifurcation of the weather.
so from schleswig holstein down to sauerland it looks quite friendly with sun and clouds in the east on the other hand many clouds keep it raining still slightly.
In the afternoon there may also be a thunderstorm towards lausitz.
and also in southern germany rather cloudy light rain actually still the whole day.
it is cool in the south with ten to fifteen degrees more pleasant in the north there are fifteen to twenty degrees.
also in the west it will be friendly again.
I wish you a good evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the twenty-third of october.
low pressure areas determine what happens in large parts of europe.
at the moment the rainband of an atlantic low is over germany.
after a short calming of the weather tomorrow we reach the next low point on saturday.
the rainfall in the north and east shifts in the course of the night to the areas northeast of the same.
Tomorrow it will be partly cloudy, partly cloudy.
in the north-east and south it rains in places.
In addition to isolated showers towards the west, there are also sunny parts.
the wind blows light to moderate in the south from the west to the north from different directions.
During the night temperatures drop to seven to one degree.
tomorrow in the northeast seven to nine degrees, otherwise to thirteen on the Rhine to sixteen degrees.
on Saturday it will be partly cloudy, partly sunny after fog.
in the afternoon rain comes up in the west.
on sunday the rain moves eastwards from behind there are some showers.
on monday in the north variable in the south quite friendly.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday the seventh of september.
the Scandinavian high brings tomorrow still quite friendly weather to the northeast of germany while atlantic low foothills from the southwest bring rain clouds which also determine our weather in the next days.
the night starts with clear skies but from france dense clouds with rainfall.
which will spread further northeast tomorrow.
Sometimes it can rain longer and hard.
the sun is mainly visible in the northeast at the alps and later also in the west.
in lausitz tonight cool five in the breisgau up to twelve degrees.
on the edge of the Alps tomorrow twenty-two in the sauerland only twelve degrees.
on wednesday many clouds and locally rain or showers in the vicinity of the alpine also thunderstorms.
there in the evening heavy rain.
at the lake continues to be windy.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the seventh of november.
Low pressure systems determine our weather.
One migrates eastwards across Poland, another draws in from England.
both bring us clouds and cold air.
therefore the rain in the highlands increasingly turns into snow.
tonight there will be partly longer lasting rain in the southern half near the alps, there will also be clouds and it will remain largely dry.
in the north only partly cloudy or clear and there the sun has a very good chance tomorrow.
in the middle and in the south it continues to rain in the peaks of the middle mountains until the evening snowflakes mingle with the rain.
in the north under clear skies tonight light frost in the breisgau up to ten degrees.
in southeastern Bavaria tomorrow still a rest of warm air in the frankenwald only cool five degrees.
on monday it rains mainly in the eastern half in the highlands snow falls otherwise sometimes high fog or clouds sometimes sun and mainly dry.
Tuesday and Wednesday changeable and cool.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Saturday, the fifth of june.
the high that determines our weather extends from the north sea to central europe.
We expect a lot of sunshine and further rising temperatures on Sunday, but also an increasing risk of thunderstorms from the southwest.
apart from a few cloudfields, the night runs clear, occasionally fog can form at the sea is possible high fog.
the whole day the sun shines most likely on the coasts it is sometimes cloudy it remains dry everywhere.
tonight temperatures between twelve and five degrees tomorrow in the day then seventeen degrees on the north sea and twenty-nine degrees on the upper rhine.
also on sunday mostly the sun shines during the day, first strong showers and thunderstorms develop in the southwest half.
Also on Tuesday it will be unsettled.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday the tenth of august.
corresponding warnings of the german weather service apply.
During the course of the day, showers and thunderstorms develop in the east as before in the other parts of the country, which can be severe.
between East Frisia and the Moselle only very sporadic showers.
Tonight the temperatures will drop to eighteen to twelve degrees.
in the day they rise to twenty degrees on the north sea and twenty-eight degrees in the lausitz.
on tuesday times sunny times clouds and isolated showers.
on wednesday the clouds are sometimes more or less close together.
from time to time there are thundery showers.
in the south hardly showers.
on thursday a change of sun and clouds.
especially in the north and south of the Danube a few showers.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday, the sixth of july.
a low above the north sea directs some cooler air to germany.
and so we expect the coolest day of the week tomorrow.
After that, a new high is building up again, which will bring plenty of sunshine and rising temperatures in the next few days.
tonight there will be some showers towards the east, thunderstorms and heavy rain especially in the northeast.
light to moderate at the sea, partly a fresh west to northwest wind that can refresh strongly gusty near the showers.
in the eifel tonight nine in lausitz as well as at isar up to seventeen degrees.
in the next few days the sun is shining and it gets hot again.
on Friday locally above thirty-five degrees and especially in the northwest half, heat thunderstorms must be expected.
Good evening dear viewers.
the rain today in southern germany that was a mayfly.
The golden October continues tomorrow.
and that even with warmer temperatures around twenty degrees.
it is cooler over the northwest of europe in scandinavia or also in the east in poland it is only ten degrees.
these are our temperatures for the night.
At five degrees at the edge of the Alps, it will be warmer or milder, especially in the northwest.
we still have a few last showers in eastern bavaria which move off in the next few hours.
but in the next few hours it will start to dribble slightly in the northwest and this is a rain area that will also touch the North Sea coast tomorrow.
it will be a bit cloudy up to schleswig holstein but otherwise northern germany will be friendly with sun and in the beginning also some fog fields.
in southern Germany at the beginning also have fog fields that dissolve and then it will be mostly sunny again during the day with pleasant temperatures.
in the west it is quite up to twenty-two degrees a bit cooler on the coasts or also in the east.
yes and so it goes on with this sunny or partly foggy weather in the next few days.
s going to be a little cooler on the weekend from the east but with this wonderful sunshine.
Have a nice evening and do well.
Dear viewers good evening.
There is currently no prospect of a longer, drier and sunnier spell of weather.
but a little breather to Saturday when some showers are still moving through.
affected by the showers tonight mainly the western half in the south, the weather has already largely calmed down.
that means the night will be quiet overall.
and relatively cool with mostly single-digit temperatures.
It will be coolest in or near.
tomorrow the showers will spread further to the north and east also to the south.
but there will be sunshine in the southeast in the morning before a few showers arrive in the afternoon.
and the temperature is already relatively pleasant, so seventeen to twenty-three degrees on the coasts and also east of the same with thirteen to sixteen degrees, it remains somewhat cooler.
Saturday then the short breather with scattered thundershowers mainly in the south.
more frequent showers also again thunderstorms windy and also cooler.
that's it now from the weather i wish you a nice evening.
that was a summer short program we had this weekend and responsible for it was high damian.
but this is now heading for Crete and we have to deal with the deep tina uschi and viola.
this means rather changeable weather with rain showers and also with thunderstorms that can sometimes be more violent like this night before all things in bavaria and saxon.
in the west the clouds loosen up and then it gets cool there the temperatures drop to twelve or eleven degrees.
Tomorrow we can expect highs of between eighteen and twenty-four degrees throughout germany and we are still dealing with rain showers especially in the whole eastern and southern half.
in the west, on the other hand, the clouds loosen up, there is sunshine and only occasionally some rain showers with a moderate wind from the northwest.
in the next days there will be more rain in the north, more in the south and more in the middle.
and the temperatures are with seventeen to twenty-five degrees actually quite pleasing since we could actually be satisfied.
that my ladies and gentlemen it was still for tonight beautiful.
tomorrow moist warm mediterranean air flows into germany where strong showers and thunderstorms develop especially on wednesday.
on thursday cooler atlantic air reaches us again.
tonight the rain moves eastwards in the west but there is more rain on the way and it spreads into the middle of the morning.
to the north and south of the rain area there are showers or thunderstorms, although in the south it remains the friendliest.
apart from showers and thunderstorms the wind blows moderately from west to southwest.
on thursday cooler again in the south and southeast longer lasting and abundant rain.
also on Friday changeable and cool.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the twenty-second of june.
the low over england is still directing moist warm air to germany tomorrow. Especially in the southeast half local thunderstorms with heavy rain hail and gale force gusts can develop.
Tonight the showers will become less frequent at first but later new showers and thunderstorms will spread from the southwest.
which are becoming more and more intense and on their way to the north and east in places also bad weather.
then hurricane-like gusts are also possible otherwise weak to moderate winds from southwest to west.
at night eleven to sixteen on the Upper Rhine to eighteen degrees.
by day large temperature differences on the north sea eighteen in Lower Bavaria to thirty degrees.
on thursday in the southeast abundant rain with the danger of flooding otherwise sometimes sun and clouds especially in the north and west showers or thunderstorms.
still changeable on Friday but friendly in many places on Saturday.
rain is still falling in the north and east.
Dear viewers good evening.
towering clouds already this afternoon in the sky also called castellani herald of thunderstorms that have already appeared in the west.
that means they can bring heavy rain squalls with bigger hail and sporadic tornadoes.
Tonight the focus is mainly in the west southwest in the east it remains dry.
in the northwest there is partly continuous rain and stormy wind along the coast.
if you would like to receive up-to-date information on the severe weather warnings, you can do so at any time via the zdf text and via the internet.
muggy and warm air will bring thunderstorms in the east and southeast tomorrow, while it will be much cooler in the west.
but then it gets quieter again at the weekend and before all things also friendlier.
they get through the thunderstorm night well.
Bye.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the twenty-sixth of may.
above the south of germany lies a humid warm air mass over the north a cool but quite dry one.
during the night there are showers and thunderstorms in the southern half, especially between rhineland palatinate and franconia.
Also during the day it rains heavily in the southern half partly thunderstorms towards the north it is mostly friendly at first, but in the afternoon it also rains here and there.
the wind blows light to moderate in the south, partly fresh with thunderstorms, gusts are possible.
thirteen degrees on the north sea to twenty-four degrees on the bodensee.
on thursday variable weather in the southeast half isolated thunderstorms.
on friday it is quite friendly only showers here and there.
Also on Saturday it is generally quite friendly in the south and in the northwest some showers.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the third of October.
the high above russia again has a stronger influence on our weather in germany.
in the north, clouds of the depths over the atlantic are still noticeable.
tonight the clouds lie differently close together, especially in the northwest it rains in places.
in the south there is fog here and there.
tomorrow in the southeast half the sun is often shining towards the northwest some clearing up but also dense cloud fields and occasionally some rain.
the wind blows light to moderate in the north and west, partly fresh with strong gusts at the sea.
fourteen degrees tonight in cologne bay to four degrees on the edge of the alps.
by day fifteen degrees on reprimand and up to twenty-five degrees in the southwest.
first fog on monday then mostly friendly dry weather.
This will change little in the northern half on Tuesday.
Towards the south it is cloudy and partly raining.
on wednesday sunny clouds and fog.
It stays dry.
over the middle of europe lies an extensive high around which the depths make a wide arc.
tonight it is clear and dry most of the clouds that are still on the way dissolve in the course of the night on fog only sporadically.
during the day lots of sunshine in the north and east as well as over the mountains of southern Germany it is cloudy but dry.
the wind comes from the southeast, it blows slightly towards the northeast and sometimes moderately.
Tonight temperatures will be between eight and one degree in the Alps minus one degree.
on the day sixteen degrees at the Baltic Sea on the Upper Rhine to twenty-four degrees.
the outlook on wednesday and thursday a lot of sunshine here and there it is cloudy, isolated showers or thunderstorms have to be expected.
on friday only little changes most likely over the mountains scattered showers or thunderstorms.
and here are the weather forecasts for tomorrow, monday, the first of february.
the new week starts changeable and wintry cold.
the low that moves over northern Germany to the southern Baltic Sea until tomorrow evening provides further snowfalls.
during the night snow falls here under snow showers towards the north sea.
Especially in the south it clears up sometimes.
during the day it snows in some areas towards the northwest also thundery sleet or sleet showers later it eases up in the northwest.
the wind blows moderate to fresh with showers as well as strong to stormy winds in the mountains.
at night values range from zero degrees at the North Sea to minus fourteen degrees at the edge of the Alps.
caution because of smoothness.
on Tuesday heavy snowfall will come from the northwest, which will later turn into rain, especially in the northwest and west.
in the highlands and in the north squalls.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday the twenty-third of august.
that extends deep over scandinavia and a low that extends from britain to denmark will determine the weather in the night and tomorrow.
still warm air flows to us later then fresher air.
Severe thunderstorms are expected in some areas tonight with heavy rain and hail.
corresponding warnings of the german weather service apply.
south of the Danube only here and there showers and thunderstorms.
tonight nineteen to fifteen degrees in eastern bavaria to thirteen degrees.
on the day eighteen degrees on sylt to twenty-nine degrees on the Danube.
on tuesday in the south still rain and isolated thunderstorms also on the coast showers there it is very windy.
otherwise it is partly friendly.
on wednesday only in the north some showers and thunderstorms also on thursday it is friendly towards the south.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Saturday, the third of october.
a storm drags to the North Sea.
it causes a storm at the weekend in northern germany and over the low mountain ranges.
also in the day in the north rain in the middle sometimes sun sometimes clouds in the south it is mostly sunny as soon as the fog is gone.
in the south the wind blows light to moderate in the north fresh to strong with gale force gusts at the north sea and in the peaks of the low mountain ranges gale force gusts are possible.
tonight ten to one degrees in the valleys of southern germany local ground frost.
thirteen degrees in the northeast up to twenty degrees in the breisgau.
on Sunday there will be some showers in the north and over the low mountain ranges it will be stormy.
on tuesday still cloudy with sunny clouds and rain.
It's quite mild.
Good evening dear viewers.
in the middle mountains there is still enough snow for skiing or tobogganing and today there was sunshine like here at the eggebirge wonderful weather.
and this is also good for the levels that can then slowly sink in the rivers although we also expect a bit of rain tomorrow.
this rainy area reaches us only in the west and it will get weaker and weaker which means a lot of rain is not to be expected at first.
Only on wednesday thursday comes new heavy rain which will reach ireland tomorrow.
tonight it will be mainly frosty cold, the air is also humid and there will be the fog.
and tomorrow morning they will be ready to scratch the car windows.
but during the day it will be frost-free also in northern germany as it will be one to three degrees in the southwest it will be mildest with six to eight degrees.
and the weather can be quite different.
on the one hand the sun is shining on the other hand we have the thick fog and in the afternoon then dense clouds and as I said some rain maybe some snow at least in the middle mountains and the wind gets a bit stronger.
this will probably cause the flooding situation to get worse again because the snow in the low mountain ranges will thaw at temperatures up to fourteen degrees.
I wish you a nice evening and make it good.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday the twentieth of april.
the north of germany is under the influence of low pressure.
and so there appear partly denser clouds on the here and there also bring rain.
from the icelandic region, we also get a blast of cool air which causes temperatures to drop.
Tonight it will be cloudy here and there but mostly clear and dry.
in the early hours denser clouds with some rain reach the North Sea coast.
these clouds will spread over the north tomorrow and it will rain.
in the rest of the country only more sun than clouds later there will be some showers especially towards the southeast, thunderstorms are also possible.
light to moderate in the northwest as well as near showers partly fresh westerly winds.
in the north under clear skies tonight light frost at the isar to seven degrees plus.
tomorrow temperatures range from seven degrees at the danish border to nineteen degrees in the breisgau.
also in the coming nights frost must be expected under clear skies.
during the day in the northeast half windy and changeable towards the southwest also for a longer time friendly.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Tuesday, the twenty-seventh of October.
the northeastern half of germany is still under low pressure and clouds.
from the southwest is spreading but increasingly high air pressure so that we can expect calm and partly friendly autumn weather in the next few days.
Towards the southwest there are occasional clouds and fog.
tomorrow the sun will show up in some regions of the southwest half.
otherwise it will be mostly cloudy with some showers or drizzle.
in the northeast half the wind blows light to moderate from west to northwest otherwise from different directions.
two degrees tonight in the Allgäu to eleven degrees in the north.
tomorrow the temperatures of ten degrees in the vogtland reach sixteen degrees on the upper rhine.
wednesday and thursday in the southwest partly cloudy partly loosened with sunshine.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday the fourteenth of August.
Tonight it will be partly cloudy and partly clear in the northwest and west, the clouds will intensify towards tomorrow and thundery showers will approach.
in the east and south the day starts still friendly while from the west partly strong showers and thunderstorms spread.
at night eleven to sixteen on the rhine and main seventeen to eighteen degrees.
on monday, especially in the east and southeast still partly thundery rainfall sometimes more or less clouds and single showers.
On Tuesday, it will spread friendly.
this also applies to the east and south on wednesday.
in the northwest, however, cloudier again with isolated showers.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday the sixteenth of november.
otherwise the sometimes heavy rain spreads to the west after Vorpommern in addition to strong showers also light views.
during the day the wind blows fresh in the northwest where it can reach gusts and gale force.
tonight ten degrees in north friesland to four degrees in the far southeast.
on day nine degrees at the east sea and up to sixteen degrees in the southwest.
on wednesday the clouds are sometimes more or less close to each other in some areas it is raining and it is windy.
on thursday rain and wind in the north in the south it is quite friendly.
the low that shifts to northern italy brings us dense clouds and precipitation that from the north over freezing rain gradually turn into snow throughout the country.
corresponding severe weather warnings of the German weather service apply.
heavy snowfall is expected in parts of the north and northwest tonight, otherwise rain or freezing rain here and there will turn to snow in the middle of the night.
caution because of smoothness.
during the day further snowfalls in the southeast at first rain which freezes locally but turns into heavy snowfall by the evening.
the wind blows light to moderate in the north fresh with stormy gusts at the lake there partly still snow drifts.
tonight plus three degrees in the breisgau otherwise two to minus four degrees.
plus four degrees in the southeast and minus three degrees in flensburg and in the eifel.
on saturday in the southeast further snowfalls in the northwest also friendly parts.
on Sunday and Monday partly sunny, partly cloudy.
Good evening dear viewers.
It is getting wet again in the west it has started to rain again.
and this low over the North Sea that brings us this cloud front.
which will now almost cross Germany not quite.
in the east it will remain dry and warm tomorrow.
but in the west it will be a bit cooler.
so the rain areas will spread over the west tonight and especially in the second half of the night there will be a lot of rain here in North Rhine Westphalia sauerland redhaargebirge.
otherwise it will remain dry in the east and south.
Tomorrow morning it will continue to rain with showers from the saarland to the east coast.
in the east and south the sun can still shine occasionally, but in the afternoon the clouds become denser.
there are some showers and thunderstorms.
otherwise in the middle of germany the rather cloudy weather continues with rain but at the north sea it eases up.
Sun and clouds change and it gets friendlier.
and only a weak south to southwest wind blows.
but otherwise it is slightly cooler than today with twenty to twenty-three degrees.
yes thursday a rainy day in the east and south.
and also in the next days it will be rather wet maybe on saturday in the alps again with high water.
I wish you a good evening and do well.
Dear viewers good evening.
It has been snowing heavily in parts of the west since yesterday, while the north east is still in the grip of the Arctic cold.
the snowfall will retreat further and further towards the edge of the alps during the night and also tomorrow, and thereby also become less.
tonight it partly clears up in the north and then it really goes into the freezer again you can almost say minus eighteen degrees.
also otherwise widespread double digit minus degrees frosty but not quite as cold in the west and also in the south.
and tomorrow in the north the sun shines at least once we really have not seen much of it in january.
but strong easterly northeasterly winds and also in the middle it will be partly still friendly.
in the south and southwest not quite as cold minus three to plus one degree.
in the northeast is still in double digits during the day.
and on thursday on wednesday new snow will come from northwest, partly rain and cold.
from thursday stormy partly heavy snow showers slightly milder.
but still cold enough that it will snow.
So I hope they like the snow.
I wish you a good evening.
Good evening dear viewers.
Driving can now become a slippery slope.
already this afternoon we had the rain and now in the evening already in the west.
that moves on to the north, there will be some snow this night, tomorrow it will still start snowing on the coasts then it will rain out.
so it will be very smooth in the next few hours.
but on the Rhine the coarsest is already over but here over the middle mountains up to Lower Saxony it will be very slippery in the next hours.
apart from that we still have the frost this night partly in the east down to minus five degrees.
and tomorrow, germany thaws a little hesitantly, it is still in the northeast only in the afternoon it goes up to plus one to plus three degrees.
yes, the thaw is more courageous in the west with four to seven degrees.
but it is a cloudy day tomorrow in most of germany.
in the beginning it will also snow on the coasts partly rain.
then there can be black ice there just like in Bavaria.
in the west, however, it is loosening up a bit since it is all over in the afternoon.
and the sun can even come out again.
That's all well and good, but spring is not breaking yet.
It will continue to be cloudy.
and at the weekend even snow or sleet falls again.
I wish you a good evening and do well.
Good evening dear viewers.
We cannot expect much sunshine during this frosty week.
we get a few fog fields and where it clears up it will probably also be in the coldest in thuringia and saxon.
The rest of the day will remain mostly cloudy, especially in the northeast.
the sun will hardly come out tomorrow, there are even a few snowflakes here in the northeast around berlin and brandenburg.
otherwise maybe some sunshine between the emsland and the eastern bavaria.
and then again light snowfall in the afternoon probably in the Black Forest and the Upper Rhine.
the temperatures there then a bit above zero so mostly between zero and three degrees but otherwise we have the permafrost with minus two to minus seven degrees.
and it will get even colder in the next few days.
Snow is moving in from the northwest and we'll be dealing with that for the rest of the week.
I wish you a nice evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow saturday the thirty-first of july.
the offshoot of the azorenhoch provides more sunshine tomorrow and together with warm air from spain also for rising temperatures.
only the northwest of germany is affected by the clouds of nordic low pressure.
tonight the showers in the southeast are abating and the rain near the east lake is soon gone.
during the day a lot of sunshine and mostly only loose clouds.
from the saarland to the Lübeck bay, the clouds thicken later and bring showers here and there.
moderate to fresh wind from south to southwest in the northwest half of North Frisia and with showers also strong gusts.
there tomorrow twenty-one else twenty-three to twenty-seven on the Rhine and spree to twenty-eight degrees.
Monday and Tuesday again changeable and cooler everywhere.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday the eleventh of april.
the high above the azores will make for mostly friendly weather tomorrow.
the air heats up further.
clouds of the low near norway cross us on tuesday it follows then clearly cooler air.
the night runs mostly clear over the north draw up thin cloudfields.
tomorrow it is mostly friendly during the day in spite of cloudy fields which seem to pass through, especially in the west and south often the sun towards the northeast sometimes denser clouds.
the wind is moderate to moderate from south to west.
tonight nine degrees in the west and zero degrees in the alps.
fourteen degrees on the North Sea and twenty-five degrees on the Upper Rhine.
on tuesday the sunny weather is over for the time being here and there rain or showers have to be expected on the mountains partly with snow.
Especially in the north it is windy.
on wednesday mainly in the eastern half showers in the highlands snow showers partly it is windy.
also on thursday showers on the mountains again.
Good evening dear viewers.
when in this weather the sun comes out then the air is just as fresh and clear as today in the rhein main area sometimes for a few hours.
but unfortunately it does not continue as a new rain area is moving on has reached the UK will cross the North Sea and then us tomorrow during the day.
a lot of rain is falling in the mountains and it gets stormy as well.
yes tonight more snow and rain for now only in southern germany.
snow continues above five hundred meters.
in the east, however, it will mostly remain clear and therefore it will be frosty zero to minus three degrees there this night.
so slippery roads are the order of the day.
but tomorrow it will be a bit milder in the west again - it will be mostly five to ten degrees.
in the east it stays cooler with three to five degrees.
and already in the morning it is raining heavily in germany the rain is moving eastwards.
at first it snows and in the northeast it is a bit sunny at first.
but the snowfall limit then rises to nine hundred meters and in the afternoon it eases here in the west more and more on the sun comes out.
there are showers in the north sea also thunderstorms only at the edge of the Alps have continuous rain and snowfall and a strong southwesterly wind.
stormy it is there are isolated gale force gusts probably also on the North Sea.
It will continue to be wet and cold until the weekend, with some rain and a bit of snow.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday, the eighth june.
an atlantic depth will determine our weather in the next few days.
it steers humid warm mediterranean air in which again and again showers and thunderstorms develop which can be especially in the east and south in part also violent.
tonight it will be mostly cloudy or clear at the Baltic Sea with some rain.
during the day sun and clouds alternate in the east and south it is also friendly for a longer time.
here and there there there are showers or thunderstorms which can be particularly heavy in Saxony and Bavaria with heavy rain hail and gusts of wind.
otherwise the wind blows weak to moderate at which it partly also fresh from predominantly southern directions.
in the north tonight locally only seven at the isar to fourteen degrees.
Tomorrow temperatures range from eighteen degrees at the north sea to twenty-eight at the bodensee.
until thursday the sweltering heat increases in the southeast half the sun seems to be shining the longest but there the showers and thunderstorms can be the heaviest later.
on Friday sometimes friendly, sometimes cloudy and partly windy.
plus some showers and thunderstorms but not so hot anymore.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday the twentieth of july.
but to the west and southwest high pressure is making itself felt, which again brings more sun and rising temperatures.
tonight the showers and thunderstorms of the day after many places it eases up from the west later on new clouds with showers spread.
Tomorrow it will be generally cloudy with showers towards the north and isolated thunderstorms.
in the southwest it gets friendlier.
light to moderate in the north also fresh wind at the sea and strong to stormy gusts in the vicinity of thunderstorms.
seven degrees tonight in allgäu otherwise nine to fourteen on the east sea to fifteen degrees.
Tomorrow temperatures between eighteen and twenty-three degrees on the Upper Rhine to twenty-five degrees.
From Tuesday onwards, it will be increasingly warm and humid.
on thursday are then possible at least in the southeast to thirty-four degrees.
even heavy showers and thunderstorms with severe weather potential can develop again but there are also friendly moments.
Good evening dear viewers.
sun and fog are the weather ingredients for tomorrow.
today beautiful sunshine without clouds in the north with a few fog fields in the south.
and one could clearly see in the morning the fog fields here for example coblenz the moselle valley but also the Rhine valley partly thick in the fog.
the danube yes there it became a bit sunnier later.
tonight the fog fields will be like the denser one in southern germany.
in the north we have no fog and the frost spreads not only on the car windows.
it is from zero to minus four degrees mostly a bit frost-free it remains on the Rhine and on the coasts.
on the Upper Rhine to twelve degrees but stays cold here in the fog on the Danube because the fog will last there for a longer time.
there is also high fog partly in the middle of germany.
and most beautiful in the north again and there in saxon and brandenburg blue sky pure sun probably.
otherwise in the northwest there are clouds coming up with the fresh southerly wind.
on wednesday clouds will pass and it will remain dry but then on thursday it will be wet and above all also on friday.
Have a nice evening and do well.
Dear viewers good evening.
after the heat of the past week, the beach baskets were no longer in such demand on the coast today in cooler weather.
Cooler air can also spread over central Europe towards southwest Europe, triggering strong showers and thunderstorms.
The alps and also the south of germany still get something from it.
so tonight first less showers then in the second half of the night again new showers from the southwest.
but otherwise partly clear or only partly cloudy.
and it will be very cool again.
we only have single digit temperatures above all things in the north.
and tomorrow there will be a lot of sun in the cool, dry air up to the central mountains.
but more clouds between the central mountains and at the edge of the Alps and above all from the Swabian alb to the Bavarian forest and to the edge of the Alps more frequent showers in the southeast also isolated thunderstorms.
from the temperature in the south it is twenty to twenty-three degrees in the coastal area seventeen eighteen degrees and otherwise so nineteen to twenty-two degrees quite pleasant.
It will look similar in the next few days up to twenty-five degrees maximum temperature.
in the south occasionally showers or thunderstorms in the north drier and sunnier.
and now I wish them an exciting evening.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday the eighth of february.
a storm drags in the night over the south of sweden towards the Baltic Sea.
a foothill of it crosses first the northwest of germany then the middle so that it remains clear in the night only in the south.
at daytime in the very south friendly weather also in the northern half there are some clouds and more and more sunshine in between from rhineland palatinate to franconia it rains a little bit at first.
Tonight values between six and a degree in the south frost.
on the day five degrees in vogtland and twelve degrees in breisgau.
the views on wednesday it is cloudy in the northwest otherwise it is friendly away from fog and high fog.
on thursday it rains in the northern half of the country towards the south outside of the foggy areas.
on friday it will be rainy in the northeast.
a rare day today.
spread the sun from the coast as here in neustadt holstein to the alps here a view of the alpine panorama still covered in snow today in the late morning in the sun.
but the weather situation is slightly around it come denser clouds velvet deep and also a little cooling.
but there won't be much rain because the next high will be over France.
and that still means a few drops from these clouds in the west tonight.
Clear in the east and correspondingly cold there.
and even so between the Baltic Sea and Eifel or the Upper Rhine occasionally a few drops of rain can fall, but it will not be.
from the temperature there also the somewhat cooler air so ten to fifteen degrees.
but in the sun another sixteen to twenty degrees can be reached.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the nineteenth of July.
only on Tuesday there will be a sunny intermezzo at least in the north and east under a light influence of high pressure before a new low approaches on Wednesday.
in the far east and southeast there will be some rain tonight otherwise the showers will be less frequent and partly clear.
in the west and southwest the clouds become denser again and it starts to rain in some areas.
tomorrow values between fifteen and twenty-one degrees in the southwest to twenty-two degrees.
Also on Monday still changeable but again a little warmer.
on tuesday in the north and east mostly sunny and mostly dry otherwise some showers or thunderstorms up to thirty degrees.
on wednesday there will be more clouds with some showers and thunderstorms.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the fourteenth of october.
from the north even colder air flows to us in germany.
in the east and southeast, the low over eastern Europe makes for unsettled weather.
Partly it snows down to low lying areas.
rain or snow showers during the night in the south and east.
also during the day in the east and southeast snow or sleet partly into the lowlands.
in the west and northwest, on the other hand, the sun often shines.
moderate to moderate northerly winds in the western half and moderate to fresh winds in the northern half.
in the Ore Mountains and the Bavarian Forest.
Tonight plus four to minus three degrees of caution due to slippage.
one degree at the alps and up to ten degrees at the ems.
Snow or sleet towards the southeast.
Especially in the north it is very windy.
on saturday in the south and east here and there rain in the highlands also snow otherwise sometimes sun.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday, the fourth of july.
the low that moves to russia will continue to cause unsettled weather tomorrow in the northeast half of germany.
During the night it rains or showers in the northeast half northeast of the same there are isolated thunderstorms.
with clouds it continues during the day in the northeast half.
especially between the Baltic Sea coast and the Ore Mountains, it rains or showers towards the southwest, the sun shines widely.
the wind is moderate to moderate and comes from north to northwest.
tonight seventeen degrees on the east sea and five degrees on the alps.
seventeen degrees in Upper Franconia and twenty-six degrees in the Upper Rhine.
Particularly in the southeast half, showers and thunderstorms must be expected, which can be strong at times.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the fourteenth of april.
the high above the biscay extends to central europe and brings us in the next days widespread sun that also lets the temperatures slowly rise.
in eastern germany low air pressure still provides clouds and rain.
from mecklenburg prepomerania to Saxony there are also dense clouds on the way tonight.
In some areas it rains above about five hundred meters of snow falls.
otherwise the stars show up beside some cloudfields.
in the northeast also during the day many clouds locally rain in the highlands but there is snow.
The wind will be moderate to moderate from north to northwest tomorrow.
Northeast of the same tonight under clouds up to plus five at the edge of the Alps down to minus four degrees.
on the rhine and main tomorrow fourteen to fifteen in Saxony with rain partly only five degrees.
on friday there are still partly dense clouds towards the southeast and some showers otherwise the sun often shines.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the thirty-first of January.
which is moving southwards from the norwegian coast will bring new snow showers tomorrow in germany.
further snow showers during the night, especially in the west and south, otherwise it will clear up partially.
in the daytime sometimes dense clouds and some sunshine you can find most likely in parts of saxon and brandenburg.
otherwise snow showers come from the west here and there.
the wind blows light to moderate in the north and in the mountains also fresh to strong from south to west.
tonight values between minus two and minus twelve degrees.
in case of prolonged clarification, occasionally even down to minus fifteen degrees due to smoothness.
day minus five degrees in the Thuringian Forest and up to plus three degrees in the Lower Rhine.
on Monday some snow showers in the northwest also thundery sleet showers.
at first it snows mostly later the snow turns into rain, especially in the northwest and west.
it is windy and stormy in the highlands.
on wednesday partly rain and partly snow again.
Good evening dear viewers.
the weather is changing now.
a golden october turns into a grey november.
Today it was once again friendly in the rhein main area.
this is our studio by the way down there i'm in right now.
in any case the next rain front coming from the west will already reach the North Sea tomorrow and then the North Sea coast.
and after that it will continue in the next days with further rain and also wind and sometimes cooler and a little milder air.
Overcast in the north tonight with a bit of rain.
temperatures tomorrow morning mostly between four and nine degrees.
yes nine degrees are the highest temperatures tomorrow in the east in the west it goes up again to fourteen degrees but that was it.
There is no more hairdryer on the edge of the Alps and therefore no more eighteen degrees there.
it is cloudy and raining a bit at the edge of the Alps.
otherwise sun from the Black Forest to the Erzgebirge and berlin.
but in the north again gray and in the afternoon it rains also at the North Sea and in the northwest with a fresh partly strong southwesterly wind.
in the next days variable weather with us then in germany.
It will be windy and rainy, especially in the north.
and on Thursday it is temporarily a bit milder.
Have a nice evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the thirteenth of January.
the low over the atlantic directs rain clouds and very mild air to us in germany.
until friday there will be a lot of rain and strong thaw in the mountains.
Tonight it is raining heavily in the eastern low mountain ranges with some snow.
in the northeast it hardly rains.
also during the day it rains for a long time, with the greatest amounts of rain have to be expected in the mountains.
on the day three degrees on Rügen and fourteen degrees in the southwest.
on friday the rain clouds shift from the center to the northeast.
in the south the sun is partly visible.
on saturday in the south sometimes sunny times clouds otherwise here and there rain and lots of wind.
on sunday in the north only a little rain towards the south often the sun shines.
Yes dear viewers.
it will not be so sunny today in the north already you have heard it in greece it has snowed.
and with us it gets milder and the clouds bring not only mild air but also some rain again and again.
with the mild air the nights gradually become milder so tonight already widespread frost-free light frost maybe still in the east and at the edge of the Alps.
and rain there will be before all things in the middle still a little bit which then also moves towards the south.
tomorrow there are still a few remnants of rain in the southeast in the north, then there will be more rain and towards the south it will slowly become friendlier.
in any case it stays dry for the time being.
the temperatures are not as mild as they are today but still pleasantly between six degrees on the coast and thirteen degrees on the Upper Rhine.
and the friday in the north still slightly mixed the saturday for all a really great day to seventeen degrees.
on Sunday there will be more clouds in the northwest but in any case it will stay mild for the time being.
it was a nice evening for them because of the weather.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the twenty-sixth of february.
the deep that shifts to the north sea determines our weather during the night and also tomorrow during the day.
it rains again and again and it is partly windy.
The changeable weather will continue over the next few days.
it is raining heavily in the south tonight.
after midnight the rain in the west turns into showers.
during the day it rains mainly in the eastern and southeastern parts of the country, otherwise it will be variable with showers.
By evening it snows above nine hundred to six hundred meters.
the wind blows moderately to fresh with stormy gusts must be expected with showers gusts on the mountains single gale force gusts.
tonight eight degrees on the Upper Rhine zero degrees in the Bavarian forest.
on saturday it is partly friendly in the south otherwise it rains here and there in the highlands also snow.
on sunday it rains in some places at the alps föhn there sometimes sunny strong to stormy wind.
the new week also starts unsteady.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the first october.
during the night he crosses the northern half of the river Danube and gets weaker during the day.
the air that then flows in to us is cool.
in the northern half it will rain at times tonight in the southern half it will be clear at times.
Here and there fog is forming.
during the day it is quite in the south sometimes even longer friendly otherwise dense clouds and some sun in change.
in the middle falls here and there rain in the north there are isolated showers.
the wind blows light to moderate in the north fresh on the coasts strong.
stormy gusts in the north and in the high altitudes.
fourteen degrees in the Lower Rhine tonight and five degrees in the South.
on the day thirteen to eighteen degrees on the Upper Rhine to twenty degrees.
On Friday there will be some showers in the northern half.
at the alps it rains a bit in between it is quite friendly.
on Saturday it is rainy in the north and very windy to the south it is friendlier.
on sunday it is very sunny in the south, otherwise many clouds.
in the north it is still stormy.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the thirtieth of September.
the high above Scandinavia provides tomorrow in the north and east of germany for calm partly friendly autumn weather.
otherwise this is noticeable deep above the atlantic in the form of rain clouds.
during the night it is partly cloudy and partly clear in the east it rains a bit.
Fog is spreading in some areas.
in the far west there may be rain later.
the fog has cleared during the day in the northeast half sometimes sunny times clouds otherwise rain falls here and there.
the wind blows moderately to fresh in the North Sea also strongly gusty otherwise it blows light to moderate.
The ground frost is expected tonight, especially in the south and in the middle.
on day nine degrees in the Erzgebirge and sixteen degrees in the Upper Rhine.
on friday and saturday it will be friendliest in the northeast otherwise there will be more clouds.
Rain falls here and there.
on sunday it will be mostly sunny in the south towards the north.
in the north it is windy in the south up to twenty-five degrees.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday the thirteenth of august.
from denmark moves a deep towards the baltic.
his train of clouds crosses the middle and the south of germany while in the northern half it gets quite friendly but not exactly summery tomorrow.
in the middle of the night there will be some showery rain moving slowly southwards with thunder and lightning.
in the north isolated showers near the coast possible thunderstorms.
there will be a few showers tomorrow otherwise it will be quite friendly.
in the south and southwest, however, in many places rain or showers from Baden to southeastern Bavaria also some strong thunderstorms.
weaker in the north also moderate on the coast occasionally fresh wind with the danger of gales from west to northwest.
on the bodensee morning to twenty-five on the North Frisian islands only eighteen degrees.
on saturday lots of sunshine and warmer near the coast occasionally rain.
on Sunday at first friendly but from the northwest again some showers and partly heavy thunderstorms are coming.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the twenty-second of october.
a storm low over denmark will bring heavy turbulence and partly heavy rain to northern germany tonight.
in the middle and in the south quite calm autumn weather awaits us thanks to high pressure.
in the north there will be some heavy rain tonight otherwise it will be mostly clear, especially in the lowlands fog will form.
also on the day it rains in the north at times in the rest of the country there are off tough fog fields partly clouds partly sun and it remains dry.
tomorrow light to moderate in the north fresh wind from west to southwest at the sea stormy gusts.
in the southern half tonight frosty in the North Sea to seven degrees plus.
tomorrow four degrees in persistent fog until twelve on the Lower Rhine.
on saturday after dissolving local fog fields in many regions quite friendly and a bit milder.
on Sunday rain clouds will spread from the west again.
the new week starts changeable and cooler again.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday the twenty-first of november.
from the south of France moves a deep with heavy rainfall to the mediterranean sea.
Tomorrow we will still have the calm and largely grey autumn weather.
also in the night the sky is mostly cloudy in the middle and in the south in the beginning partly clear but there is widespread fog.
cloudy through clouds and high fog again tomorrow.
especially in the middle the sun sometimes comes in while in the north and southwest occasionally a few drops fall.
a light and moderate wind blows from the northeast to the east.
tomorrow values between three and seven along the Rhine to eight degrees.
Monday and Tuesday it will remain mostly dry in the north and west, otherwise there will be widespread rain which may be partly abundant in the east.
in the mountains snow is falling more and more.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Tuesday, the sixteenth of February.
Tomorrow, calm winter weather awaits us in large parts of Germany.
in the northwest, however, the foothills of an Atlantic low are noticeable.
but there is only occasional snow.
Tonight it is mostly cloudy in some areas, it clears up here and there.
in some regions the sun also shines for a longer time.
the south-easterly wind blows light to moderate at the North Sea also fresh.
Tomorrow temperatures range from minus five degrees in the east to plus four degrees in the southwest.
on wednesday some snow or partly freezing rain falls in the west.
these precipitations spread further eastwards on Thursday.
frost is no longer an issue, at least during the day.
also on friday many clouds with partly rain and partly snow.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the fifteenth of july.
there are severe weather warnings of the German weather service.
in the west there are already strong thunderstorms.
these local storms shift eastwards during the night with heavy rain and hail.
Tomorrow morning there may be some heavy showers in the east and southeast.
in the rest of the country the sun often shines, especially in the northwest there are isolated showers.
Severe gale force winds are also possible tonight with thunderstorms.
during the day moderate to fresh wind from west to southwest in the northwest also strongly gusty.
in the eifel tonight fourteen on the spree to twenty-two degrees.
tomorrow in the northwest pleasant twenty-one to twenty-five in the east hot thirty to thirty-two degrees.
there the heat will continue over the next few days.
partly heavy thunderstorms are also only in the southeast on Saturday then in the whole country.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, saturday, november 6th.
the extensive low pressure zone over northern Europe extends to the south.
Nordic cold air flows in, displacing the warm air from Germany.
at the air mass boundary there is sometimes heavy rainfall.
and they are spreading over the northern half tonight.
Mostly dry towards the south, especially south of the danube, the stars and tomorrow also the sun can show.
moderate in the middle and in the south also fresh wind from the west with single stormy gusts in the highlands, gale-force gusts are also possible in peak locations.
tonight three degrees on the edge of the alps to thirteen in the rhein main area.
Temperatures from eight degrees on the east coast to seventeen in the south tomorrow.
on sunday in the south partly longer lasting rainfall in the north the sun has a very good chance.
in the new week changeable and cool in places rain falls snow in the highlands.
uniform porridge in central Europe only about fifteen degrees in the Alps and in southern Germany even cooler.
at the mediterranean sea yes there we only have fifteen to twenty in greece and turkey is also warm.
but with us also very cool nights near zero degrees today in northern germany.
a bit milder so across the middle mountains down to the Saarland and there we still have the thickest clouds it rains there sometimes.
but in the north we have the starry sky and therefore the sun shines there again tomorrow it is dry all day with a fresh northeast wind.
then some time clouds appear on southern brandenburg there are the first rain showers also in sachsen in thuringia in eastern bavaria but also in baden wuerttemberg in the afternoon in rheinland palatinate and in the saarland it does not stay so completely dry there.
the temperatures then where it rains only about eight degrees on the coasts it is ten degrees, otherwise twelve to fourteen in the west similar to sixteen degrees today.
and it will be a bit warmer at the weekend.
friday is a transitional day in the south maybe the last rain showers then the sun will finally appear in the south, clouds will appear in the north, it will be cooler on sunday and it will start to rain there too.
yes before a short look at the weather good evening dear spectators.
after the hottest day yesterday, there were again over thirty-five degrees in the east today.
in the west, however, the cooling down was already on the way and this was accompanied by strong thunderstorms so in brandenburg there was already strong thunderstorms this afternoon.
here we see again the picture we have the temperature distribution again over thirty degrees in the east and as I said strong thunderstorms.
We can now look at this development on the radar film.
here is a picture of the strong lightning and of the thunderstorms in the early afternoon already in brandenburg and here is this thunderstorm we see the yellow dots these are the lightnings in the thunderstorms which developed mainly over the eastern half.
but in Bavaria there are still some thunderstorms on the way and therefore there was again the severe weather warning of the german weather service mainly for heavy rain and partly also for hail.
and these bright red colored areas mainly refer to weather warnings again for rain and indeed also for continuous rain because the rain will not leave us tonight.
so it can fall quite clearly over fifty millimeters partly locally in a short time.
Tomorrow morning there will be some heavy rain in the southern half towards the northeast Erzgebirge bavarian forest maybe some thunderstorms.
and cool air over germany in the rain only twelve thirteen degrees with more sun in the northwest at least eighteen nineteen and remnants of the warm air only over the extreme east.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the twenty-ninth of december.
the foothills of a storm low crosses us tonight from northwest to southeast.
behind it flows colder air in which the rain can turn into snow on Friday into the flatlands before it becomes noticeably milder again on the weekend.
the light rain in the north and west reaches the southeast of germany until tomorrow morning.
the snowfall limit drops to about six hundred meters.
from there sees in the afternoon partly heavy rain approaching above four hundred to eight hundred meters of snow falls.
the wind blows occasionally fresh to strong with stormy gusts in the north there are gale force gusts on the coasts, gale force gusts are possible.
in the south tonight light frost on the north sea up to plus six degrees.
tomorrow in the allgäu two otherwise values of three to seven degrees.
on friday still very windy to stormy in the southern half rain or snow falls at first, otherwise occasionally showers here and there into low areas as snow.
at the weekend it will be milder and on Sunday only rain will fall.
the deep over southeastern central europe will bring some snow in the coming night and even tomorrow.
on monday the weather calms down again.
During the night it snows in parts of the west only slightly otherwise sometimes more heavily.
in the middle and in the north snow drifts must be expected.
during the day it snows in the east and south sometimes even longer otherwise the snowfalls decrease during the day.
snowdrifts are still possible on the coasts.
the wind blows light to moderate towards the coast fresh to strong with gales.
tonight zero degrees at the east sea and minus eight degrees in the mountains.
day minus five degrees in Vogtland and plus two degrees at the Baltic Sea.
on monday the clouds loosen most likely in the southwest and on the coasts there will be some snow.
only sporadic snow showers fall on Tuesday.
on wednesday it is partly friendly.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the ninth of december.
the weather is temporarily calming down but already tomorrow afternoon clouds of low pressure will reach the west and northwest over the atlantic.
the wind blows mostly weakly in the southeast it comes from the west otherwise from the south.
Tonight six to minus one degree of caution due to slippage.
in the day then three degrees to nine degrees.
on thursday it rains heavily in places in the northeast later also sleet and partly it is windy.
on friday in the south and in the middle precipitation in the mountains and in the east snow or sleet.
on saturday only some rain or snow.
a low pressure zone stretching from the atlantic to central europe is definitely also our weather on wednesday.
the northeast of germany is still benefiting from higher air pressure and there it will remain at least largely dry until tomorrow evening.
That goes for tonight too.
in the rest of the country it is mostly cloudy, occasionally it rains heavily.
during the day in the northeast sometimes sun and clouds.
also in the southeast some light, partly rain or scattered showers with thunder and lightning.
towards the evening it rains heavily in the vicinity of the Alps.
eight degrees at night on the edge of the Alps to fourteen on the Upper Rhine.
tomorrow fourteen degrees in emsland to twenty-two in lower bavaria.
on thursday there will be some heavy rain in the north and east otherwise only occasional showers and thunderstorms.
from time to time some sun.
on friday it gets friendlier again from the west and on saturday the sun often shows up.
a deep provides with us during the night for strong partly thundery rains.
there is a severe weather warning from the German weather service.
in the west and northwest it rains during the night sometimes abundantly between the alps and the east sea there are thunderstorms and some snowflakes in the eifel.
in the south in the afternoon partly heavy thundershowers.
during the night strong to stormy gusts are possible during the day still at the north sea as well as with showers and thunderstorms in the very south otherwise weak to moderate wind.
tonight twelve degrees in the east in the eifel two degrees.
single digits in the northwest in the extreme south and southeast up to twenty degrees on the day.
on friday in northwest direction sometimes sunny and cloudy, sometimes rain.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday, the eighth november.
also in the new week low air pressure determines our weather and also the stream of humid cool sea air does not break off.
between clouds and rain, the sun will get a chance tomorrow, especially in the north.
there it remains mostly dry tonight in the northern German lowlands it is also clear in the middle and in the south it rains partly.
Most of the rain falls from Bavaria to Saxony.
tomorrow it rains in the southeast half of the region especially at the edge of the alps for a longer time, otherwise a mixture of high fog clouds and sun.
locally there are showers above about five hundred meters there may be snow.
light to moderate in the northwest fresh to strong winds from the east at the North Sea and on the peaks of the central mountains also stormy gusts.
in the north under clear skies tonight light frost in the southeast to seven degrees.
Temperatures between three and eight degrees on the Upper Rhine to nine degrees tomorrow.
Also in the following days it will continue to be changeable.
at times there is high fog or clouds at times sun, especially in the western half also a few showers.
There is little change in temperatures.
Good evening dear viewers.
laundry weather in germany it will be even hotter and even more humid.
we have high temperature differences in central europe so here in germany up to thirty degrees but in the northwest only up to twenty degrees.
and since at this border these rain areas arise again and again partly also the violent thunderstorms.
some we have already left behind this evening but there are others that are now slowly weakening and moving northeast towards the east coast.
it is a mild night and tomorrow we will still have dense clouds here in the northwest and on the coasts there will always be rain showers.
but towards the east it eases up again and it will be a friendly and above all dry day.
just like in southern germany there was a lot of sunshine.
but then in the afternoon there are some heat thunderstorms partly with hail and gales, especially in the south and in the east it gets even hotter.
So the temperatures tomorrow there twenty-six to thirty-one degrees.
slightly cooler on the coasts and in the west there is only a maximum of twenty or twenty-three degrees.
but it is getting even hotter in the north.
In addition, there are always strong thunderstorms on Friday and on Thursday temperatures up to thirty-three degrees severe weather not excluded.
on saturday as it is cooler but from the north it starts to rain.
Have a nice evening and do well.
the sweltering heat has discharged today in the west and south with severe thunderstorms.
as here in the Bavarian town of bruckberg in the Landshut district, citizens had to fight against the floods.
Elsewhere, lightning sparked fires.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow saturday the fourth of july.
from the west an atlantic lowland reaches us with its cold front.
in the apron of this front there are severe thunderstorms.
at the same time, a high will develop over france tomorrow in the northwest and west of germany again for quite friendly weather.
in the west it eases later again and there the sun shows up most frequently in the morning.
in the eastern half as well as in the south there are partly thundery rainfalls which can have locally again severe weather potential.
then gusts of wind are also possible.
otherwise light to moderate winds from west to northwest.
thirteen degrees tonight in the eifel to nineteen degrees in parts of northern germany on the or tomorrow hot thirty on the north sea only twenty-one degrees.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow saturday the first of may.
Germany is in a deep depression.
This means changeable weather for us.
Cool air is coming in from the west and nothing will change in the coming days.
during the night it rains in the southern half in some areas in the southeast sometimes strong at first thunderstorms are otherwise isolated showers.
during the day it rains heavily in southern Bavaria and Baden Wuerttemberg.
other times sunny with clouds and showers especially in the north and west in the afternoon isolated thunderstorms.
the wind is from southwest to west with moderate to moderate winds.
tonight twelve degrees in lower bavaria and five degrees in sauerland.
the prospects on sunday in many places showers or thunderstorms in the south it also rains for a longer time.
Also on Monday unsettled weather partly it rains heavily also thunderstorms are with it.
On Tuesday it will be partly cloudy with just a few showers.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the third november.
a strong low pressure system brings rain and partly stormy winds especially to northern germany in the next few days.
tonight the sky is mostly overcast either by high fog or clouds later it starts to rain in the north.
the rainband shifts tomorrow to the middle behind it there will be some showers but also some sunshine.
partly sunny in the south if fog and clouds leave a few gaps.
moderate to fresh in the north strong wind from west to southwest with stormy gusts near the coast as well as in the higher mountains partly heavy gusts.
in the northwest under clouds tonight to ten in the southeast locally only two degrees.
tomorrow values between ten and fifteen degrees on the Lower Rhine to sixteen degrees.
also thursday and friday in the north rain and occasionally stormy in the south partly fog partly friendly and dry.
Good evening dear viewers.
also in northern germany the sun was laughing today but now we have strong gusts of wind and rain showers well there is still something going through.
with cooler air a small low pressure area that passes so quickly in the next few hours.
and also the snow clouds at the edge of the alps that disappear because tomorrow the sun is shining predominantly while in the north from the west the clouds become denser again.
tonight a few showers before all things at the Baltic coast later also again at the North Sea and temporarily stormy gusts.
otherwise the snowfall decreases slowly at the edge of the Alps and there will be fog fields with frost at the edge of the Alps over the snow to minus five degrees.
but otherwise it remains frost-free in northern Germany.
and tomorrow we will have similar temperatures as today mostly seven to eleven degrees a bit cooler in the south and also in saxon so it will be three to seven degrees.
but mostly the sun shines there are a few clouds with it and initially fog fields at the danube at the bodensee yes they will probably still dissolve.
in the next few days it will be at least a bit milder and the sun is shining mostly in the south and in the middle.
well if yes if the fog plays along.
I wish you a good evening and do well.
the slightly milder temperature level corresponds to the season.
Also in the southwest there will be some snow or partly freezing rain.
otherwise the stars show up beside clouds here and there.
during the day mostly cloudy weather in the south.
the slight precipitation shifts to the north.
the night temperatures range from minus nine degrees in Lusatia to plus three degrees on the Upper Rhine.
also on Friday many clouds locally some sun and especially in the southwest half rain in the highlands also snow.
In the following days little changes to the mostly cloudy weather.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow saturday the ninth april.
clouds of the deep that moves to the black sea are noticeable especially during the night over germany.
Tomorrow more and more the high above the North Sea prevails.
cloudfields from the north and east move in the night towards the middle in the east a few drops of rain fall.
during the day there are still some cloudfields, especially in the middle parts of the country.
mostly it stays dry otherwise the sun shines.
and here is the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the twenty-third of January.
Germany lies further between an Atlantic high and a North Sea low.
in the south the weather will be quite nice in the morning, while in the rest of the country low pressure and clouds will dominate.
in the northern half it will be mostly cloudy or foggy tonight here and there with some snow or rain.
in the southern half it remains dry and apart from a few clouds occasionally the stars sparkle which are clouded locally by fog.
in the south mornings away from the fog fields quite friendly also in coastal areas the sun shows up.
At this temperature level little will change in the new week.
in addition there are usually dense clouds which bring rain in the northwest towards the southeast.
But too many are not expected.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday the fifteenth of december.
germany is located between high air pressure over iceland and northeastern europe and low pressure over the mediterranean sea.
Tonight it will be mostly cloudy in the north east and south of the danube with scattered snow.
even on the day only little changes overall the clouds from which occasionally a few flakes fall.
the sun appears most likely in the west.
tonight plus one degree at the east sea and minus twelve degrees at the alps.
day minus six degrees on the edge of the Alps and plus three degrees on the coasts.
on wednesday times sunny times clouds only sporadic snow.
on the coasts a few raindrops.
on thursday similar weather in the north it snows a bit.
also on Friday next to dense clouds friendly parts here and there it snows a bit.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday the seventh of july.
a deep that shifts with its center over the north sea eastward ensures tomorrow and also on the following days with us for changeable weather.
significantly cooler air arrives from the west to germany.
tonight there are still showers or thunderstorms here and there which are gradually but rarely.
partially clears it on isolated fog forms.
in the morning friendly moments alternate with dense clouds, with showers in the afternoon there are also isolated thunderstorms.
especially in the southeast these can be strong.
danger of stormy gusts in the vicinity of thunderstorms otherwise light to moderate in the northwest also fresh winds from the southwest.
the lowest temperatures of the night are between sixteen and eleven degrees.
on wednesday there will be showers or short thunderstorms in many places and the sun will become scarce at only sixteen to twenty-two degrees.
on Thursday and Friday it will be changeable in the north also windy and it will be a bit cooler.
dry air too little rain and sunshine and already we have a high risk of forest fires already in april.
and it will get even higher at the weekend, especially in northern germany, but also in the west until Monday.
then there are first rain showers the situation could relax a bit but not much.
and tomorrow is definitely no rain expected it will be sunny.
land rain we could urgently need but it moves along the mediterranean sea towards italy and croatia.
unfortunately for us not in sight although the agriculture groans under the drought.
yes with us it gets cold in the dry air this night it cools down again down to zero to minus four degrees partially.
otherwise only a weak wind blows and it will be a beautiful day.
plus the temperatures of ten degrees on the coasts, otherwise it will get warmer again fifteen to twenty degrees.
and at the weekend there are also twenty-five degrees in the southwest and then only on Monday the first rain showers and thunderstorms we urgently need.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, october 18th.
otherwise the high over western europe takes the lead it ensures calm partly even for friendly autumn weather.
in the west and northwest the night is mostly dry and foggy.
otherwise it rains here and there in the highlands also snow.
during the day it rains or drizzles a bit in the southeast half.
on the mountains snow is falling towards the northwest it remains mostly dry.
tonight six degrees at the east sea up to minus three degrees where it clears up longer.
then three degrees on the Alps and twelve degrees on the North Sea.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, saturday, november nineteenth.
Tonight, high fog persists in many places with isolated drops northeast of the city.
Especially towards the south and west it is clear.
during the day it remains mostly cloudy in the northeast but dry otherwise fog fields sometimes stay all day in between sometimes sun on the mountains the sun shines undisturbed.
the wind blows only weakly at the sea partly also moderately.
tonight six degrees in the north and minus six degrees in the alps caution due to frost.
during the day one degree in persistent fog in the south twelve degrees on the Lower Rhine.
On Sunday it will be mostly foggy away from it.
on monday and tuesday still calm high pressure weather with sun and fog in most parts of the country in the northwest occasionally clouds move but hardly bring rain.
Although germany is under the influence of high pressure, the sun still has it quite hard in some regions, especially over the middle parts of the country.
the weak wind can only slowly push the humid air towards the northeast.
in the south tonight the sky is mostly clear in the middle and in the north partly densely cloudy partly loosened.
especially in the north, the cloud gaps are often closed by fog fields.
south of the main the sun is shining widely tomorrow but also there some clouds are forming later.
Otherwise partly dense clouds and sun alternate it remains dry everywhere.
mostly weak on the coast also moderate winds from east to southeast.
in the south under clear skies tonight light frost on main and spree to seven degrees.
tomorrow thirteen degrees at the east sea nineteen degrees at the ems and up to twenty-two degrees in the breisgau.
on tuesday in the north and northeast partly dense clouds partly sunny otherwise mostly sunny with a few clouds.
Wednesday and Thursday will be mostly sunny and even warmer.
In the evening there will be local showers and thunderstorms in the west and southwest.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Monday, the twenty-eighth of September.
during the night clouds move inland over the north later fog fields form in places.
on the day the clouds in the north continue to thicken, especially in schleswig holstein and mecklenburg suburb pomerania rain showers.
other times sunny times clouds direction south the sun shines also for a longer time.
then sixteen degrees on the lake and up to twenty-three degrees on the Upper Rhine.
the deep that moves from austria to poland brings partly still yielding rainfalls to the east and southeast of germany.
there are still severe weather warnings from the German weather service.
Otherwise it will be temporarily friendlier tomorrow.
in the northwest it will be mostly clear tonight in the east and southeast with some heavy rain.
Tomorrow it will continue to rain heavily in the southeast and east for quite some time.
the wind blows light to moderate from west to east could be from north.
tonight seventeen degrees on the east sea seven degrees where it clears up in the western central mountains.
fifteen degrees in the day with rain in the southeast and up to twenty-six degrees in the sunshine.
on Sunday it will be more volatile.
on monday in the northern half some showers in the south it is quite friendly.
on Tuesday it will be nice later with more clouds and thunderstorms.
Dear viewers good evening.
for many it was probably the last sunny october day today because in the north dense clouds have already started the change of weather.
and tomorrow high pressure will only partly affect the south but otherwise more and more low pressure will affect our weather bringing rain again.
so tonight it will drizzle from the dense clouds that have already arrived in the north.
in the middle and in the south it remains partly clear and in the course of the night again fog or haze forms and it becomes accordingly cold thus partly slightly frosty.
tomorrow it will be cloudy in northern germany a bit of sun maybe towards the northeast and partly rainy in the northwest the rain in the afternoon also a bit stronger.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the twenty-fifth of august.
a strong Scandinavian low brings partly stormy winds near the coast.
Rain showers are still on the way.
otherwise we will have a very nice weather tomorrow.
on thursday we reach a new low with partly heavy rain and thunderstorms.
in the rest of the country it clears dry.
Tomorrow partly sunny partly clouds which can be denser in the north and bring some showers.
in the middle and in the south it remains mostly dry.
Severe gales are possible on the coasts tonight.
tomorrow mostly moderate to fresh at the coast strong winds from southwest to west at the east sea still gusts of wind.
there tonight fourteen in the south locally only seven degrees.
tomorrow seventeen to twenty-three degrees in the breisgau to twenty-five degrees.
on thursday in the north heavy rain in the middle showers or thunderstorms with stormy gusts.
in the south still friendly and very warm.
From Friday it will be changeable everywhere.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the second march.
tonight in the northwest as well as from the black forest to the alps there are still some denser clouds, otherwise it is clear in many places here and there fog especially near the coast.
on the Upper Rhine tonight a degree plus or minus seven degrees.
tomorrow on the coast two to three in cologne bay up to ten degrees.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the seventeenth of march.
Two low pressure systems will determine our weather in the next few days.
one over the mediterranean sea that brings heavy rain to the south and east of germany.
another coming in from the atlantic and directing rain clouds to the northwest on friday evening.
there as well as in the southeast it is mostly dry tonight otherwise there will be occasional rain which will be heavy in the southwest and east.
also during the day there are a lot of clouds in the northwest and west it remains mostly dry in the rest of the country it rains occasionally in the east and southeast partly longer and heavily.
Temperatures at night range from zero degrees near the coast to eight on the Upper Rhine.
on the isar tomorrow to thirteen degrees on the coast it remains quite cold with two degrees.
from the alps to lausitz, some of the snow is still falling in the mountains on friday.
in the evening new rain is coming from the northwest.
on the weekend unsettled weather but on Sunday it gets more and more friendly from the north.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the thirty-first of december.
clouds of a low above the north sea reach the north of germany at night.
they move throughout the day to the middle.
from the north sea milder air flows to us in the south calm winter weather.
in the course of the night from the north to the northern low mountain ranges some rain or drizzle which on frozen ground ensures smooth ice.
locally also some snow.
south of the Main it remains dry on the higher mountains as well as on the alps also sunshine.
the wind blows at times moderate to the fresh.
on the day minus five degrees with fog in the southeast plus four degrees at the north sea.
in the night to saturday at the baltic sea gusts during the day, some snow or freezing rain must be expected from time to time.
from the coasts the sun prevails.
on Sunday mostly cloudy weather.
That won't change much on Monday.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the sixth of january.
from the atlantic is approaching a low pressure area and directs very mild air masses and rain clouds to germany.
with the rain there is also a strong thaw so there is a risk of flooding.
tonight clouds spread from the west bringing partly snow then increasing rain.
it can be very smooth.
Tomorrow the partly heavy and freezing rain will reach the east.
there as well as in the north there is still snow locally and at the lake and at the alps it can stay dry for a longer time.
a moderate to fresh wind blows from south to southwest in gusts, sometimes strong to stormy, in the summits gale-like gusts are possible.
in the southeast under clear skies tonight to minus thirteen on the Lower Rhine zero degree.
tomorrow in the east still values near the freezing point.
in the breisgau ten degrees above zero.
Friday will bring widespread rain, which can be heavy, especially in the southwest.
in the north there is also some snow.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Tuesday, the twenty-second of november.
fog sun and also a few clouds that awaits us in the next days under high pressure.
on Friday, the low-lying Atlantic foothills will bring changeable and windy weather to the northern parts of the country.
the night starts again in many places clear later, then more fog and high fog fields spread in places with frost.
Particularly in the north and in some lowlands the fog will persist in the morning.
away from it the sun often shines.
in the afternoon a few clouds may appear in the west and northwest.
the wind blows tomorrow weak in the northeast as well as on the coasts also moderate from the southeast tonight there will be widespread light frost at the least cold it will be on the mountains.
tomorrow in the continuous fog around zero with sunshine quite mild ten to thirteen degrees.
Wednesday and Thursday are still largely unsettled.
on Friday it will be changeable and windy towards the north but it will stay mostly dry while in the south little changes at first.
High pressure will continue to bring a mixture of fog and sun tomorrow.
but in the western half more and more clouds appear which announce the coming change of weather.
in the new week it continues with Atlantic low foothills quite changeable.
Tonight it will be partly clear and partly cloudy.
later on fog fields develop, especially in the west and south, which may persist in parts tomorrow.
tomorrow seven degrees in the extreme north to fourteen degrees in the southwest.
on sunday only sun and clouds later it starts to rain in the west.
the wind refreshes strongly on the North Sea gusts.
Monday and Tuesday many clouds with showers or heavy rainfall.
Here and there you can see the sun.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday, the twenty-ninth of march.
a high is moving over germany further to the east and gives us a mostly sunny tuesday.
from wednesday onwards the clouds of an atlantic low reach us from the west.
over the highlands there may be some spring clouds in the vicinity of the coast there may be some denser clouds.
in the north at times more moderate at the Baltic Sea also fresh to strong westerly winds.
otherwise the wind blows mostly weakly from different directions.
Tonight spreads light frost or temperatures close to freezing.
on reprimand tomorrow fresh six on the Upper Rhine, on the other hand mild twenty degrees.
on wednesday it will be mostly cloudy in the eastern half with showers and local thunderstorms.
On Thursday it will be changeable everywhere but from Friday it will slowly get friendlier again from the southwest.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the eighth of january.
a strong low over the central mediterranean sea already ensures in the night and tomorrow that it snows in germany from the south.
the wind blows moderately to fresh on the mountains tomorrow strong there are stormy gusts on the mountains hurricane-like gusts.
on Saturday it snows occasionally and it is partly windy.
also on Sunday many clouds especially in the east and south it snows even more heavily otherwise the snowfall gradually decreases.
on monday it is still snowing at times.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the fourteenth april.
the low that shifts from the alps to the east brings changeable weather in the south and east of germany.
in the southern parts of the country it rains widely tonight otherwise it is partly clear in places fog is forming.
during the day the clouds lie in the south and east, here and there it rains or showers occasionally there are thunderstorms.
in the north and west sometimes sun and clouds.
the northeast wind blows moderate to moderate in the northeast and at the coasts partly fresh wind.
tonight six degrees on the main one degree on the alps.
on thursday clouds dominate in the southeast half and there are showers in places.
The sun is mostly shining towards the northwest.
on friday it is cloudy in the alps and it rains a little bit otherwise the sun shines quite often.
Good evening dear viewers.
during the night it will stay mostly dry but tomorrow in the day it will rain again occasionally.
of the UK is followed by the next area of rain which will reach us tomorrow morning already in the west.
yes tonight there are still a few showers now at the edge of the Alps otherwise the showers at the Baltic Sea leave after it becomes clear and then it cools down.
Tomorrow morning it will be about eight to fourteen degrees.
and during the day it will be a bit warmer than today.
in the north and west the temperatures are still a bit subdued as it is seventeen to twenty-three degrees.
In addition we have rain in the west already in the morning there are partly only rain showers but then in the afternoon also thunderstorms that spread further to the east.
there it is in any case partly for a longer time really nice with sun and clouds.
this also applies to southern Germany along the Rhine sometimes rain in the morning showers and in the afternoon thunderstorms that will spread to the east.
and with showers and thunderstorms there is also a sweltering heat especially on thursday.
and in the night to friday the thunderstorms can then probably be severe.
fog or high fog fields spread in places during the night.
Soil frost must be expected locally.
on tuesday the sun is shining occasionally in the southwest and towards the east, otherwise it rains here and there.
on wednesday in the south partly friendly weather otherwise more clouds than sun and some rain.
Good evening dear viewers.
During the day thaw at night but frost so it can be very slippery again this night.
today we had wonderful weather in northern germany at least in the morning a lot of sunshine in east friesland and between hamburg and hannover.
then from the north a few snow showers later also at the North Sea coast.
Tomorrow, unfortunately, it will not be so nice, it will be cloudy.
and despite this thaw it will be frosty at night almost everywhere in the east minus four to minus seven degrees in the west it is about zero degrees and maybe no more frost in the west.
But it can be slippery above three hundred meters we expect snow in the middle mountains tonight.
northeast of the same then probably mostly snow in the course of the day southwest of it mostly rain or sleet and in the middle and in the south it looks friendly there can be here and there indeed wherever the sun comes out you are just happy when you see it.
it is mild to thaw so two to seven degrees mostly and only in the very northeast of Rügen we have temperatures at zero degrees.
it will continue mild and especially on Friday with a lot of rain and snow in southern germany.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the thirtieth of december.
that deep over Scandinavia brings us cold air.
and so the precipitation increasingly falls as snow in the highlands is locally over thirty centimetres of new snow possible until Saturday.
Since it is also partly stormy, dangerous snow drifts must be expected.
Rain and snow are spreading across the country tonight and rainfall could be heavy.
in the northern half later showers at the lake partly thunderstorms.
There is a risk of traffic disruption in some areas tomorrow morning.
the snowfall limit tomorrow is three hundred meters.
tonight there are stormy gusts at the lake in places and strong showers with heavy gale-force gusts in some peaks.
The wind is starting to ease tomorrow.
minus three degrees at night on the edge of the Alps plus four on the Rhine and the coast.
tomorrow values between one and seven degrees.
On Saturday it will be milder from the west.
Rain is coming from there and snow is falling.
The new year will then begin with mild winds and changeable conditions.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the thirteenth of january.
the high above Scandinavia hardly changes its position.
the following cold air continues to flow to us.
the low over the biscay that reaches the south of england until tomorrow evening brings plusdegrees and new precipitation in the southwest of germany.
in the night it clears up in some areas in the early morning it starts snowing in the extreme southwest.
during the day northeast of the same dense clouds with individual flakes.
also in the southwest and west it snows partly freezing rain with caution for slippage.
the wind blows in the north fresh at the north sea also strong wind.
tonight minus twelve degrees in parts of thuringia and saxony where it clears up to minus sixteen degrees.
on the day plus four degrees in breisgau and minus six degrees in erfurt.
on thursday and friday more clouds than sun, it snows a little bit in the south and west, rain or freezing rain is also possible.
on Saturday the sun shows up a bit more often.
Good evening dear viewers.
more wind means less fog.
and this now applies above all to northern Germany.
thereby the rain areas come a bit closer to us but they hardly reach us stripes at most tomorrow times a bit north of Germany.
the drought continues, it only gets a little bit windier.
and tonight also means clouds continue to move over northern germany the fog can only form and condense in the east and also in the south and there we still have the frost in the east and south.
Zero to minus five degrees tomorrow morning while temperatures will remain frost-free in the northwest.
and during the day then seven to eleven degrees in the northern half in the south but again cold.
then where the fog at least does not dissolve one hardly comes out of the frost as for example at the danube.
in northern Germany tomorrow grey in grey from time to time it drips a bit and there is this fresh strong southwesterly wind blowing.
over the low mountain ranges the sun can come out and in the south, as today, this probably means thick in the fog at the danube at the bodensee to kempten and munich.
but otherwise it will also be sunny.
and at the weekend this fog slowly disappears with us it will be stormy at least in northern germany.
and then it can rain a bit from time to time.
Have a nice evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Saturday, the twenty-third of October.
high air pressure will bring us some nice autumn weather tomorrow.
the low over england but in the course of the day from west again rain clouds into the country.
in the north as well as south of the danube many clouds stay clear tonight, some rain falls in places, otherwise widespread.
tomorrow away from tough fog fields quite friendly near the coast and in the south clouds there may be a little rain.
from the west in the afternoon new clouds move into the country and rain falls in some areas.
light to moderate in the northwest half also fresh and partly strong gusty winds from south to southwest.
stormy gusts are possible on the mountains and at the sea.
in north friesland tonight up to eight degrees where it clears up it will be frosty again in some low mountain valleys tomorrow seven in the south up to twelve degrees.
on Sunday many clouds and some rain in the northwest half very windy.
Also on monday variable in the higher highlands there is snow again.
on tuesday it gets a bit friendlier from the west.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the fifteenth of july.
Germany remains somewhere between a Mediterranean high and one deep above England.
also the air mass limit at which there can be again abundant rainfall and violent thunderstorms remains.
currently it extends from the Upper Rhine to Franconia and there will be heavy showers tonight, partly with lightning and thunder.
otherwise only single showers.
also near the coast some showers and thunderstorms while it gets more friendly from the west.
Apart from thunderstorms, there is a light to moderate southwesterly wind.
tomorrow temperatures range from twenty-three degrees in the Lusatia to twenty-nine degrees in the Upper Rhine.
on friday there will be showers and thunderstorms, especially in the eastern half of the country.
on Saturday changeable and significantly cooler.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Monday, the twenty-ninth of november.
not one but two lows will ensure that it snows heavily in parts of germany during the night and tomorrow, deep over the adriatic and deep near france.
Considerable traffic disruption is to be expected.
during the night heavy snowfalls from the southeast spread further into the middle.
also from the west it starts snowing during the day it snows for a longer time especially in the southeast as well as in the middle.
in Bavaria and Saxony it snows most heavily also on the coasts.
where it clears longer tonight strong frost to minus twelve degrees.
on the day minus four degrees in the mountains slight plus degrees on the coasts and upper Rhine.
on tuesday it snows in the middle and on the coasts in places something else besides dense clouds also friendly moments.
on wednesday it will be windy later, especially in the south, new snowfalls also on thursday it will snow in some areas still a little minus eleven to minus one degree.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday the thirteenth of march.
that low over the UK causes clouds to come towards us.
Rain, however, will bring little.
for sunshine in eastern and southeastern Germany, on the other hand, high above southeastern Europe.
during the day there are a lot of clouds over the western and northwestern parts of the country. Sometimes it loosens up a bit in the east and southeast it is friendly.
in the alps due to the foehn still gusts of wind otherwise the wind in the north blows weak to moderate in the rest of the country only weakly.
tonight seven degrees in the west and one degree in the east.
otherwise it is very mild to sixteen degrees in the east and southeast with foehn in the alpine values above.
on monday many clouds and some showers later more friendly.
rain on wednesday, especially in the south and east.
Good evening dear viewers.
summer sun thirty degrees so it could go on.
And this before all things on the twenty-seventh of July, the day of the seven sleepers.
but the weather situation is unfortunately not stable because the whole high also with the sun and the rain here over the atlantic that pulls everything further east.
and we would need a stable weather situation to be able to say the summer will be nice.
so the next rain will not follow tomorrow but on wednesday it will be there.
so the summer period it short tropical the night in the west with twenty degrees but in the east you sleep much better at ten to fourteen.
Otherwise up to twenty-nine degrees, but in the west it becomes almost unbearable thirty-three to thirty-five degrees.
the sun is shining again like it did today during the whole day and then the first spring clouds form in the west of the rhine in the evening, occasionally there are thunderstorms which then pass through on wednesday and bring cooler weather from the west.
and what follows on Thursday and Friday looks pretty ordinary.
Have a nice evening and do well.
Good evening dear viewers.
the storm at the coasts eases a bit but it still remains stormy in the north.
we have a storm low over denmark which is now moving towards southern sweden with a lot of rain falling on the coasts tonight.
Also tomorrow there will be showers and some cooler air will come from the northwest.
so tonight quite heavy rain on the coasts maybe also a single thunderstorm otherwise on the northern edge of the central mountains also the rain and the alps.
there will still be some showers tomorrow.
but there are a lot of rain showers and at the beginning of the morning at the east sea probably thunderstorms.
it is stormy this night so we still have to reckon with up to wind force ten, single gusts before all things at the east sea now in the next few hours again at the north sea.
and tomorrow it eases off a bit from the gale force winds about six to eight.
yes, the temperatures then only fourteen to sixteen degrees in northern Germany to eighteen degrees in the south.
the next few days are actually just as friday so scary and windy weather in northern germany.
but then at the weekend a few showers at the coasts a few at the alps but in between it also looks very friendly.
Have a nice evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the first august.
eastern and southeastern Germany will still benefit from high pressure tomorrow.
the northwest half is supplied by a low with clouds and cooler air including showers and thunderstorms.
already during the night there are showers in the west and north here and there which can be strong in parts.
in the east and south mostly clear or only loosely cloudy and there the sun will shine for a longer time tomorrow.
in the northwest half partly strong showers in the afternoon are also accompanied by thunderstorms.
then gale force winds are also possible, otherwise weak to moderate winds from south to southwest in the northwest half later from the west.
cool eight degrees tonight in lower bavaria to eighteen degrees on the spree.
on the north sea tomorrow twenty-one degrees in lausitz to thirty degrees.
on monday it will be changeable everywhere, especially in the east and south there will be partly thundery and abundant rainfall.
on Tuesday it is slowly getting a bit friendlier again.
on wednesday again heavy showers and thunderstorms are coming from the northwest.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the tenth of February.
the high that our weather has determined today is retreating but will still set the tone tomorrow in southern germany.
The north-west will see clouds of rain from a low moving into the UK tomorrow evening.
the night runs clear fog fields in some areas, especially in the lowlands of southern germany.
over the middle and the south some clouds are moving.
During the day it is partly cloudy and partly friendly in the south, otherwise some clouds pass through and sometimes the sun shows up.
the wind blows in the south weak in the north moderate in north friesland also fresh.
tonight plus three to minus five degrees at the alps below.
on day two in persistent fog on the Danube and twelve degrees in the west.
on friday many clouds in some areas it rains.
on Saturday in the northeast a bit sunny but cold.
otherwise many clouds in places some rain.
on sunday it rains here and there in the northeast freezing rain or snow.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the eleventh of february.
the deep that extends from central europe to the mediterranean brings us unsettled winter weather tomorrow and also on friday.
tonight there is widespread snow falling in the southeast and it spreads into the middle of the night.
also otherwise it snows cautiously in places due to slippage.
during the day it snows in the south for a longer time also in the middle it snows occasionally in the north only a little.
in the south, the wind is weak, otherwise moderate to fresh on the mountains, gusts of wind with snow drifts are possible.
tonight values between minus three and minus thirteen degrees.
on the day minus one degree by the sea to minus six degrees in parts of bavaria.
on friday further snowfalls mostly fall from the northeast to the center at the east sea it is very windy.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday, the twenty-sixth of november.
in the south and east of germany during the night and tomorrow for snow or sleet.
the wind is light to moderate from different directions.
tonight zero degrees on the east frisian islands to minus eight degrees where it clears up.
on the day minus two degrees in the middle mountains and plus three degrees on the Rhine.
on Saturday it will be partly cloudy, partly sunny for a while.
Snow showers are rare.
snowfall is expected in the southern half of the country on Monday.
otherwise the clouds lie differently close together.
Dear viewers good evening.
January has so far been almost everywhere a few degrees colder than normal.
coldest in north Rhine-Westphalia in Saxony and also in Saxony.
and it looks like the cold is going to continue for the time being with small restrictions i.e. a little milder air partly also freezing rain or rain in the southwest.
there can also be freezing rain or even rain.
and it can be very slippery on the roads.
in the north stormy wind gusts of strength nine at the north sea otherwise in between sometimes partly sunshine.
and that is actually quite pleasant winter weather and that fits to the temperatures throughout frosty only in the southwest sloshes a little milder air.
and it will continue to exist in the southwest for the next few days.
otherwise it remains cold in the north from time to time with some snow and strong wind.
with that I wish you a nice evening.
the low which forms during the night over the north sea provides tomorrow partly for wind and rain.
It's still mild.
On Friday, colder air will come in from the northeast, bringing wintry conditions.
the wind blows moderately to fresh strong scattered also stormy gusts are with it on the mountains gusts.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday the thirteenth of july.
Germany lies tomorrow between a low pressure system in the north and a high pressure zone over southern Europe.
especially in the south of Germany, warm and humid air is channelled and thus eerie.
on the following days severe thunderstorms can form in muggy warm air.
tonight there will be scattered thunderstorms here and there.
in the middle and in the north it clears partly on places fog forms.
the wind blows light to moderate from southwest to west.
Tonight it cools down to between sixteen and eleven degrees.
tomorrow temperatures range from nineteen degrees at the north sea to twenty-eight degrees in the breisgau.
On Tuesday, partly sunny and partly cloudy showers or thunderstorms will also be heavy in the southeast half.
on wednesday besides sunshine mainly towards southeast showers or severe thunderstorms.
on thursday mostly friendly in the south single strong thunderstorms.
and the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the tenth of august.
from the atlantic reaches us tomorrow a low foothill which only in the northwest on thursday then in the whole northern half of germany provides partly longer lasting rain.
At least the south is benefiting from light high pressure.
tonight there will be some local showers, otherwise many clouds in some areas sparkle also the stars.
Tomorrow partly cloudy and partly friendly, especially near the Alps with isolated showers.
later spreads from the northwest rain from the evening to the northern central mountains and the or reaches.
Most hours of sunshine are in the southwest.
there the wind blows weakly tomorrow in the north and east partly fresh at the Baltic Sea strong with gusts of wind.
at the lake tonight fourteen under clear skies locally only six degrees.
tomorrow fifteen to nineteen along the Rhine twenty to twenty-two degrees.
On Thursday, rain will persist in parts of the south, particularly in the northern half.
on friday many clouds here and there showers and thunderstorms.
on Saturday partly cloudy and partly cloudy with showers.
It's getting warmer.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the twenty-ninth of May.
a high above central and southern Europe often provides sunshine on Sunday.
the north of germany, however, is covered by the clouds of a deep foothill over the north sea.
and these clouds are over the northern half tonight from the ems to pre-pomerania passing rain.
in the southern half it is mostly clear except for some hazy clouds.
in the north and northwest there will be a lot of clouds tomorrow bringing some rain especially on the coasts.
otherwise the sun often shines and it remains dry.
in the south the wind blows slightly in the north moderate to fresh from the southwest.
on the North Sea there will be stormy gusts from the afternoon.
tonight in the south under clear skies only single digits near the coast up to twelve degrees.
there tomorrow fifteen to eighteen at the bodensee to twenty-six degrees.
Monday will be mostly sunny with isolated showers and thunderstorms in the afternoon.
On Tuesday, rain will spread from the west, with thunderstorms expected.
significantly cooler on Wednesday.
in the east and south rain is still falling towards the northwest friendly and dry.
that will still be the case tomorrow.
but then autumn is heralded it starts tomorrow morning at five o'clock nine calendar.
and also the weather will change almost punctually for the beginning of autumn.
the good weather is moving eastwards and the next low is coming from the atlantic.
after a but still clear night with some fog fields remain here and there fog fields tomorrow morning.
but otherwise the sun shines again.
and that will be the case throughout the day.
but denser cloudfields will move over the west.
but probably only in the evening in the far west and also at the edge of the Alps first rain showers or thunderstorms.
before these showers it will be really warm again a summer day on the Rhine twenty-five six degrees but also partly even up to twenty-four and also at the coasts pleasant warmth.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday, the fourth of june.
The risk of thunderstorms will increase from the southwest on Sunday afternoon.
during the night it still rains here and there in the south and southeast, apart from a few cloudy fields.
Tomorrow there will be plenty of sunshine throughout the day.
the exception only south of the danube it is initially cloudy at the alps falling last raindrops.
the wind blows mostly weak occasionally moderate.
Tonight temperatures will be between five and twelve degrees.
the views on saturday everywhere a lot of sun until twenty-nine degrees even on sunday mostly the sun shines.
on monday it will be sunny and cloudy with showers and thunderstorms that can be violent.
Dear viewers good evening.
even if the summer does not really deserve its name, it will be a bit warmer every day from the southwest during the next few days so that on Sunday we will be in Germany again at about twenty to twenty-nine degrees, whereby in the north a bit cooler than in the south.
tonight there are still a few showers in front of all things in the north in addition to that the wind is still quite strong while in the south the showers actually become more and more rare.
and tomorrow it will remain mainly on the coasts very windy but partly also strong wind in northern germany.
in the beginning rather seldom the showers but in the afternoon rain comes in and before the rain there it remains the longest friendly and dry still between the east sea and the ore mountains.
also in the southeast there will be showers tomorrow but otherwise it will be much more friendly towards the west southwest, partly even quite sunny like in the breisgau.
and this is shown by the temperature, where twenty to twenty degrees are reached while we otherwise remain below the twenty degree mark.
in the south the friendly weather will continue in the next few days which means a lot of sunshine in the middle and in the north there will be more clouds but at least the rain will decrease gradually.
and luckily it will be much warmer for everyone.
so much for the weather, have a nice evening.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the seventh july.
where it has rained there may be fog.
Tomorrow we can expect widespread blue skies and sunshine most likely over the highlands temporarily a few spring clouds.
in some low mountain valleys tonight only single digits at the east sea up to fourteen degrees.
there tomorrow to twenty, otherwise twenty-one to twenty-eight in the breisgau to thirty degrees.
also on Thursday mostly sunny at the North Sea partly cloudy but still dry.
Friday and Saturday will be even hotter.
In addition, the sun mostly shines, especially in the northwest half, sometimes violent heat thunderstorms can unload in the course of the day.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the sixth of january.
cold air determines the weather in germany.
Lows over the North Sea in France and Southeastern Europe, however, are only noticeable at the edge.
Some snow is possible especially in the north-west and south.
at the North Sea, partly fresh wind from south to southeast, otherwise weak winds from different directions.
during the day temperatures rise to minus eleven to minus one degree.
on thursday it snows in northern germany a little on friday in the southeast half partly heavy snowfalls with the corresponding traffic disturbances.
Since it is very windy, snow drifts have to be expected, especially in the highlands.
on saturday it snows in large parts of the country.
Good evening dear viewers.
the last rain showers were again on the north sea today from now on it will only be snow and this was partly the case in the middle mountains today.
there are already a few centimetres of new snow.
currently warmest in the south of turkey on cyprus and also partly on Crete in greece up to twenty degrees.
and we have the frost that night before all things in the south in the low mountains and also on the coasts.
In between it is a bit milder so around zero degrees but it will still be very slippery.
quite a few snow showers are on the way and continue to move here in the west towards the Black Forest and Alps, even in the Erzgebirge there will still be a bit of snow.
and tomorrow also some snow but not so much, especially at the edge of the Alps and in the Erzgebirge.
otherwise it is mostly cloudy but at the coasts beautiful sunshine in this dry air and also like this somewhat cold fresh north wind.
and so the temperatures in schleswig holstein do not exceed zero degrees even at the edge of the alpine permafrost.
otherwise something above zero degrees.
and it will be even colder in the next few days, especially in the east and south of germany, and there will always be snow.
the deep over the atlantic supplies large parts of germany with new rain clouds.
the high above finland retreats a bit but the weather in the east of germany continues.
the air that flows to us is getting milder and milder.
in the northeast the night often runs clear otherwise it rains here and there.
on the day between the east sea and the ore mountains quite friendly weather otherwise many clouds and it rains in some places.
Later it loosens partially in the west and southwest.
in the north moderate to fresh wind at the sea also strong wind with stormy gusts.
otherwise again weak to moderate.
on Sunday it will be mostly cloudy in the south-east for a while.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the first of february.
the deep that moves from the atlantic to central europe determines our weather with new rains or snowfalls.
during the day it sometimes rains for a longer time and regionally it also spreads the rain from the southwest and west to large parts of the country.
the wind blows moderately to fresh in the northeast as well as in the southern half stormy gusts are possible on the mountains heavy gusts.
in the night eight degrees on the Upper Rhine and one degree towards the Erzgebirge.
on saturday it snows partly in the lowlands.
on sunday it snows only in parts later refreshed in the west and north the wind accompanied by some snow and rain.
on monday it rains occasionally and in the southeast it still snows.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow saturday the twenty-first of august.
between the deep above the north sea and a high that moves to romania, very warm air flows to us in germany.
only in the north the clouds of the low are noticeable.
in the night there are still a few showers in the south, otherwise it is clear over the coasts there are a few cloudfields.
during the day, the sun and clouds alternate in the north, there are isolated showers and thunderstorms otherwise a lot of sun over the mountains, individual heat thunderstorms are possible.
in the south the wind blows weakly to the north moderate.
tonight eighteen degrees at the north sea ten degrees in the bavarian forest.
by day twenty-one degrees on sylt thirty-one degrees on the Upper Rhine.
on sunday in the north and west here and there showers and thunderstorms.
Towards the southeast it is often still sunny.
on monday in the southeast it is still friendly, otherwise some thunderstorms will be heavy.
on tuesday in the south and east thundery rain in the north and west friendly parts but also showers.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow Pentecost Sunday the twenty-third of May.
Also tomorrow, the influence of high pressure will bring quite friendly weather to large parts of germany with temperatures mostly in excess of twenty degrees.
on monday a Scandinavian low comes into play with cooler air showers and thunderstorms.
in the northeast half of tomorrow in addition to sunshine also denser clouds in the west mostly clear sunshine between brandenburg and the alps may develop later a few showers or thunderstorms.
tomorrow temperatures of fifteen degrees at the sea with onshore wind up to twenty-five degrees in the rhein main area.
on monday dense clouds spread from the north with showers and thunderstorms which later reach the middle.
in the south it stays still friendly in the north it gets windy.
this also applies to the Tuesday.
otherwise variable weather awaits us in the following days.
The next few hours will be stormy and rainy in northern Germany.
a new low is coming, a storm low you could say coming from england.
You can hardly see the landscape here so you can see Germany and Great Britain over here.
it is moving over the North Sea towards southern Scandinavia but the thick clouds are crossing us with partly heavy rain and as I said gusts of wind.
in southern germany nothing happens because we still have the fog.
in the next few hours it will start to rain heavily in northern Germany.
and there are first gusts from the southwest.
and this rain area is moving quickly over the northern part of Germany tomorrow morning, but there are still some rain showers.
but south of the Main it remains mostly dry where until the late afternoon and especially at the alps the sun shines occasionally.
There will be gusts of wind from the southwest in the next few hours.
then tomorrow morning comes the front and with it the wind turns to west stormy gusts wind force seven are still there.
but there will be another storm on thursday with a lot of rain in northern germany and until friday and saturday it will be more and more friendly in southern germany.
Have a nice evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow saturday the second july.
low air pressure influences central europe and therefore also our weather.
cool air flows in from the North Sea.
which steers low rain clouds into the northeast where warmer air prevails on Sunday.
during the night some showers or thunderstorms which usually subside.
in the north and east the clouds become denser during the night and in the day here and there rain falls there the north east of the same lasts longer.
the wind blows mostly moderately on the fresh mountains and at the sea stormy gusts are possible.
on sunday many clouds here and there rain in the northeast isolated thunderstorms.
The friendliest is in the southwest.
on monday in the northeast there will be a lot of rain and thunderstorms in the southwest.
on tuesday sunny clouds showers and thunderstorms.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the fourth august.
a high pressure wedge that swings to poland temporarily ensures that the weather calms down with us.
From the west, however, a new low is approaching tomorrow.
the day starts in some places with sunshine in the northwest and west mostly in the morning clouds and showers.
in the east and southeast it remains quite friendly until the evening with only a few showers.
weak wind in the southeast otherwise it blows light to moderate with thunderstorms stormy gusts are possible.
tonight fifteen degrees by the sea seven degrees in sauerland and the alps.
on thursday variable weather in the southeast will bring some rain.
on friday it rains heavily in the east and southeast, otherwise it is generally friendlier again.
Also on Saturday it is rather friendly in the northwest it rains here and there.
in the south it is cloudy during the night otherwise mostly clear tomorrow the sun shines for a longer time in the southern half otherwise it will become cloudier and cloudier.
in the north it starts snowing all the way to the north and northwest the snow occasionally turns into rain over which can freeze.
in the north increasingly fresh to strong winds at the coastal gusts on the mountains isolated gale-force gusts snow drifts are possible.
day minus ten degrees on the neisse to plus four degrees on the north sea.
On Thursday it snows heavily in some places with traffic disruption has to be expected.
only the day after tomorrow will move from the north deep into germany.
it remains wintry and the risk of snowfall increases.
Tonight it will be mostly dry. Tomorrow it will be cloudy or foggy again in some regions.
next to it the sun can be seen in places.
there is only occasional snow in the extreme southwest there may be some rain.
low wind in the north, otherwise it blows light to moderate from northeast to east.
tonight minus two degrees on the Upper Rhine and minus fifteen degrees where it clears up.
day plus three degrees in the breisgau to minus seven degrees in the vogtland.
on wednesday it snows in some areas also on thursday it is mostly cloudy and snow has to be expected here and there.
on Friday there will be further snowfalls in the northwest, it will remain partly dry with values between minus seven and zero degrees.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday, the twenty-ninth of january.
low atmospheric pressure remains.
Determining the weather is the small low that will move from the UK to the centre of Germany by tomorrow evening.
it brings partly heavy snowfalls in places also rain.
during the night the clouds are usually close together in some regions it snows cautiously because of slippage.
during the day there will be heavy snowfalls from the west and in the western half there will be some rain in the lowlands.
in the northern half light to moderate wind otherwise it blows moderately to fresh on the mountains partly heavy gusts of wind and snow drifts.
tonight values between plus one and minus six degrees on the day then plus three degrees on the rhine and minus one degree in the northeast.
on sunday partly sunny parts with snow showers on monday variable weather.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday the thirty-first of august.
the deep that is responsible for the early autumn start of the week moves on to eastern central Europe.
it still provides abundant rainfall in the southeast of Germany, especially at the edge of the Alps.
severe weather warnings of the German weather service are valid.
in the northwest the night is mostly dry in the southeast rain showers.
on the edge of the Alps abundant rain.
during the day between the alps Erzgebirge and lausitz occasionally rain showers continue on the eastern edge of the alps.
the wind blows weakly in the east and at the lake fresh in the high altitudes of the Erzgebirge and the Bavarian forest squalls.
tonight thirteen degrees on the sea five degrees in the southeast.
on Friday it is mostly friendly but there is still a low risk of showers.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow saturday the fifth of march.
a scandinavian deep diverts cooler air and clouds from the north into the country which also drop a few drops or flakes.
from sunday onwards a high will take over the weather again and will bring widespread sunshine.
in the north there are dense clouds tonight, there is a little bit of snow or some raindrops.
in the middle and in the south it remains mostly clear locally fog forms.
drop a few drops or flakes in places.
also from the north the clouds clear up again during the day.
light northerly moderate to fresh winds from northerly directions near the coast also strong to stormy gusts.
Zero degrees tonight in the northwest minus six at the edge of the Alps.
tomorrow temperatures from three degrees on Rügen to twelve degrees on the Upper Rhine.
on sunday noticeably colder in addition there are still dense clouds in the south apart from high fog fields often sunny.
in the new week the sun is shining and it is milder again.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the third october.
in the northwest half a low foothill provides for clouds later also for strong showers and partly stormy winds.
in the north and west some rain falls here and there tonight in the east and south often clear locally fog develops and tomorrow it will be mostly friendly there.
otherwise there are dense clouds occasionally also gaps and only sporadic drops.
in the afternoon some heavy showers move into the northwest.
the wind blows in the southeast light otherwise moderate to fresh in the northwest with a risk of showers and gales.
three degrees tonight in the Bavarian forest otherwise five to twelve degrees.
tomorrow temperatures from fourteen degrees in the eifel to twenty-one in lausitz.
on thursday rain also spread thunderstorms in the north.
on Friday in the northern half rainy and very windy partly stormy.
in the south hardly rain and occasionally friendly.
on saturday we can expect changeable and partly very windy weather.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the third july.
this also applies to the first half of the night before the fog settles down here and there.
in the north it remains mostly clear and dry east of the same the sun shines most frequently in the morning while especially in the south and west later again mighty spring clouds pile up from which heavy showers and thunderstorms can discharge including gusts of wind.
otherwise only a light wind blows from different directions.
tonight we can expect another humid, warm fourteen to nineteen degrees near the Alps, a little cooler.
on saturday there will be some heavy thunderstorms in western direction during the eastern half.
on sunday and monday partly sunny and partly thundery rain, it cools down slowly.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the twenty-third of July.
muggy warm in southeastern germany also hot air determines our weather.
at the border to cooler air, a small low is forming that moves to southern Scandinavia.
it provides also with us for showers and thunderstorms which can break out again in places severe weather.
during the day it will be quite friendly towards the southeast later on there will be showers and partly thunderstorms.
in the afternoon and evening the risk of severe weather is highest in the southeast half.
apart from showers and thunderstorms the wind blows light to moderate in the north also fresh.
twenty-one degrees tonight on the Upper Rhine fourteen degrees on the Alps.
nineteen degrees on the north sea and thirty-three degrees on the edge of the alps and in lausitz.
on friday partly sunny and partly cloudy but also showers and thunderstorms in the north a lot of wind.
also on Saturday variable weather.
on sunday then a lot of sunshine.
during the day up to twenty centimeters in the middle mountains.
yes wintry luck is this low pressure area so to speak it has reached rain in the luggage first then tomorrow and tonight france tomorrow morning then germany.
and the rain turns into more and more snow.
and so there will be only a few snow showers tonight, but at least at the middle mountains and at the edge of the Alps there are still five centimetres.
and there will be light frost temperatures tomorrow morning mostly between zero and minus four degrees.
permafrost during the day in the east and south.
otherwise light thaw again here in the west between plus one and plus four degrees.
and it snows heavily in the morning above all things over the western central mountains mountainous country sauerland twenty centimeters of snow there is not much left in the afternoon.
and in the afternoon this snowfall area reaches the east so on the Rhine on the Moselle on the main there will be occasional rain.
In the evening the whole thing will turn into snow.
and there is also a strong to stormy southwesterly wind in southern Germany.
in the north we have hardly any wind sun clouds and there are a few snow showers there.
it will remain wintry over the next few days at the weekend, especially on Saturday, snow maybe even a winter thunderstorm and above all at night it will be cold temperatures down to minus ten degrees again.
Have a nice evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Monday, the twenty-fifth of October.
of england moves up and ensures from tuesday for friendlier weather.
between this high and the low over the Baltic tomorrow cooler air flows in so that the snowfall limit sinks.
south of the Danube falls tonight rain that lasts longer and is mixed with snow, especially at the edge of the Alps.
in the north it showers sometimes clear and cloudy locally isolated showers later here and there fog.
near the alps it rains or snows tomorrow in the north sometimes heavy showers in the rest of the country away from tough fog fields partly cloudy partly sunny for a longer time.
light to moderate in the north also fresh wind from north to west near the coast with stormy gusts.
Under clear skies tonight light frost on the coast to six degrees plus.
tomorrow two degrees on the edge of the Alps to eleven on the Lower Rhine.
what the weather brings us here are the views.
low pressure with humid and cloudy air will also determine the weather in germany tomorrow.
Particularly towards the south it can snow heavily.
during the night the whole southern half is affected by it partly it is rain which can freeze locally partly heavy snowfall especially in the alps.
Also tomorrow it can snow longer in the south, otherwise only some snow or rain falls here and there.
the best chances for a little sun exist at the or.
in the new week we can expect calm and mostly dry winter weather.
Good evening dear viewers.
the sunny weather in southern germany also brings a wonderful long distance view in the alps like today here on the Zugspitze super weather.
but in the whole of southern germany it was so and in the north we still have the dense clouds but also there something is happening.
these clouds are moving away from a high pressure area of southern germany and it is easing up tomorrow.
but to the south we have the clear sky but here and there a few fog fields.
It will also be quite fresh in southern Germany two to seven degrees.
there may also be ground frost with it.
we have sixteen to eighteen degrees there again but in the middle and in southern Germany nineteen to twenty-two and of course pure sun in southern Germany.
but there are also dense cloudfields a bit of rain in the afternoon but it eases up more.
and it gets a bit friendlier.
and there comes the sun and above all things in the next few days early summer in germany.
on wednesday and thursday from the alps to the coast.
the next showers will only appear on Friday.
I wish you a nice evening and make it good.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the first july.
the air pressure differences over germany are currently so small that no significant current develops that could drive away the humid warm air.
and so we have to expect some thunderstorms and showers tomorrow as well as on the following days.
they still exist at the moment but they gradually decrease in the course of the night after local fog or haze forms again.
the day starts mostly friendly later especially in the eastern half as well as in the southwest again some showers and thunderstorms which can be sometimes violent with heavy rain hail and gale force winds.
Most of the sun is in the northwest.
apart from showers and thunderstorms, the wind blows only weakly from the north.
tonight it stays a little cooler at eleven degrees with thirteen to nineteen degrees at the edge of the Alps.
at the east sea tomorrow twenty-three in the southwest hot thirty to thirty-two degrees.
at this sultry warm and thundery weather little changes.
sometimes the partly thunderstorms hit the east or south sometimes the west.
It remains the friendliest in the north.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the thirtieth of September.
during the night it clears up on the coasts further showers develop.
fog forms especially in the middle.
as soon as the fog has cleared a lot of sunshine.
denser the clouds lie together in the very south as well as occasionally at the coasts.
at night one degree in some low mountain valleys and twelve degrees on sylt.
fourteen degrees in parts of schleswig holstein and on the upper danube as well as nineteen degrees on the upper rhine.
It is still friendliest in the south and east.
on wednesday many clouds and then rain in the south and east the sun shows up.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the fourth of april.
the clouds of the low moving towards denmark are causing rain in some regions tonight.
tomorrow in the cold sea air typical april weather with sunny clouds and showers.
Tonight it will remain mostly dry in the southeast, with rain clouds moving eastwards.
Tomorrow morning there will still be some cloud cover in the far south-east, otherwise there will be some longer rain.
the wind blows moderately in the southwest and in the west fresh with showers and partly stormy gusts.
tonight values between seven and three degrees in the southeast to one degree.
also on monday more clouds than sun in the alps still rain and snow otherwise locally showers which become rarer from the west.
on tuesday it will be cloudy in many places in the northeast and some rain locally.
on wednesday in many places the sun shines here and there even denser cloudfields pass through up to twenty-one degrees.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the twenty-sixth of january.
More unsettled weather is expected tomorrow.
Gradually, however, the high above the Atlantic extends further eastward then in the coming days to Scandinavia.
the consequence of the weather calms down more and more at the same time but with the temperatures down.
tonight it snows or rains especially in the south and east due to slippery conditions.
on the day from the southwest to the south of bavaria as well as in Saxony snow or sleet in low areas rain.
otherwise here and there the sun finally snows or rains.
the wind blows in the north slightly to moderately on the coasts also fresh otherwise weak wind.
tonight plus two degrees on the Lower Rhine and minus four degrees on the Alps.
on the day minus two degrees in the Erzgebirge and four degrees on the Rhine.
on thursday in addition to dense clouds sometimes friendly moments only sporadically some snow or rain.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow tuesday the tenth of august.
a little high above southern germany will bring us mostly pleasant weather and rising temperatures tomorrow.
the low part of scotland moves at the same time to the north sea and from there clouds with showers and thunderstorms reach us again in the course of the afternoon.
in the north and northeast there are scattered showers during the night, otherwise partly cloudy and partly clear.
Fog is forming locally.
in the daytime the sun often shines here and there also more compact clouds and prefers in or near as well as at the edge of the alpine single showers or thunderstorms.
apart from showers and thunderstorms light to moderate winds from mostly southwesterly direction.
on the edge of the alps tonight only nine in brandenburg to seventeen degrees.
on the North Sea tomorrow twenty-three degrees on the Upper Rhine to twenty-nine degrees.
On Friday, it will be a little friendlier in the west, while heavy rain is possible in the south-east.
due to the damage, wind speeds of one hundred and fifty to one hundred and eighty kilometers per hour may have been at work.
hurricane starts at one hundred and seventeen kilometers per hour.
the cooling is also within limits with us.
and before that it gets really hot in the south.
tonight, however, the showers and thunderstorms will retreat to the south towards the alps.
over the north there will still be scattered showers and thunderstorms.
the wind was gale force ten or eleven in gusts on the coast.
tomorrow from the temperature in the south to twenty-four degrees in the north it will stay cooler.
and there it remains also changeable, moving again and again showers over the north.
the wind then decreases a bit during the day.
In the south it will be sunnier and dry, perhaps in the morning there will be scattered showers in the south-east.
the thursday is really hot in the south.
in the north, on the other hand, already changeable with showers and also with heavy rain.
and on Friday or from Friday it will be more changeable and cooler for everyone again.
that was it from the weather i wish you a nice evening.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday, october 8th.
Tomorrow it will be quite friendly in many regions but later an Atlantic low will bring clouds again.
Tonight it will be mostly clear in the north and east as well as in the south with some clouds but it will remain dry.
Particularly in the southwest half fog develops in places.
tomorrow in the northeast in addition to sun and clouds.
otherwise after fog partially friendly before clouds spread from the west again bringing rain in the southwest in the evening.
in some valleys tonight light frost and locally risk of slippage.
on the North Sea islands to eleven degrees.
tomorrow temperatures from eleven to sixteen degrees in the breisgau to eighteen degrees.
on tuesday in the south partly abundant rain in the north and northeast isolated showers and very windy otherwise quite friendly.
on wednesday mostly a mixture of sun and clouds.
on Thursday it will be mostly friendly and also a little warmer.
Good evening.
elevated above the fog today one was for sure only on the mountains and in the south the calm winter weather will last the longest.
but otherwise more and more depths intervene in our weather conditions from the north with variable weather with wind and also with milder air during the week.
So tonight it doesn't mean anything, it just stays calm.
fog high fog in the south and also in the north in the middle partly fog and the lowest temperatures continue in double digits especially in the east and also in the south.
but it will be frosty again tonight everywhere.
the next few nights probably not so cold.
in the north it remains cloudy and towards the evening it starts to rain in the northwest with strong southwest wind.
After these cold days, it can also become dangerously slippery at first.
temperatures will still be up in the west tomorrow but in the east it will still be cold and frosty, especially in the south-east.
this will slowly change in the next few days as the changeable weather moves further south.
Good evening dear viewers.
no sooner does december start with rain than hardly anyone is on the streets like for example in goods this morning at the Müritz.
and it will continue with rain during the next twenty-four hours we will cross this rainy area behind it it will get a bit cooler from the north for northern Germany.
and the next rain area is on its way for saturday it is tomorrow evening in ireland and for sunday the rain area has to develop strongly.
in the south it will remain dry and especially in eastern Bavaria with clear skies and some fog fields it will be frosty again.
and we also have rain during the day, especially in the northwest and on the coasts later also in the southwest.
to the east is a bit drier and so from the Bodensee to the Upper Palatinate Forest it will probably stay dry with sunny parts.
Overall we have a stormy southwest to westerly wind.
And in the next few days, well.
only rain until Monday and also quite a lot of storm.
Have a nice evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the twenty-first of january.
between the high in the west and the low in the east, cold air continues to flow into germany.
since this air is also still moist does not tear off the cloud supply.
tonight it snows most likely in the north jam of the erzgebirge thuringia forest and alps otherwise sometimes more or less dense clouds and mostly dry.
where it clears longer locally fog forms.
Tomorrow it will be mostly sunny here and there but overcast.
it remains largely dry.
at the northern edges of the eastern low mountain ranges and the alps there is still some snow.
In the afternoon it may rain a little in the northwest.
light to moderate winds from the north in the high altitudes of the Black Forest strong to stormy gusts.
the temperatures tonight range from minus one degree on the main to minus seven degrees in the allgäu.
in the east and south in the morning partly frosty in the emsland up to plus five degrees.
more clouds and some rain or snow at the weekend, especially in the south.
on monday many clouds and occasionally light snowfall or a little rain.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the twenty-first april.
the constant high above central europe brings us until easter a lot of sunshine and for the season unusually high temperatures.
during the night the swelling clouds in the southwest dissolve again then it is clear everywhere.
Individual showers and thunderstorms are possible over the southwestern central mountains and the Alps.
the wind comes from the east in the north it blows weak to moderate otherwise mostly only weak.
tonight eleven degrees in the west and two degrees in parts of bavaria.
on the day sixteen degrees on the coasts in seawind otherwise twenty-one to twenty-six degrees.
on Good Friday lots of sunshine in the southwest half over the mountains scattered showers or thunderstorms.
similar weather also on saturday and also on sunday the sun shines widely from the eifel to the alps with isolated showers and thunderstorms.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday the seventeenth of november.
in the course of the week a mediterranean high but again for friendlier weather.
Tonight there will be more or less clouds, especially in the northern half and at the edge of the alps also some gaps.
Occasionally rain falls.
It gets stronger in the southwest later and spreads over the middle to the northeast tomorrow.
in the south the clouds loosen partially and it can be quite friendly in some areas.
there is a light to moderate wind from south to southwest, partly with strong gusts.
stormy on the mountains of the southern half hurricane-like gusts are possible.
on the edge of the Alps under clear skies tonight only four on the Upper Rhine to eleven degrees.
in the extreme south morning to twenty, otherwise ten to sixteen degrees.
but it is already much warmer in europe twenty to twenty-five degrees in france in spain but also in italy greece and turkey.
and the warmth comes at least on the weekend then.
yes we had a lot of showers today which will now also move off.
last showers again in the east otherwise it clears everywhere on slowly.
and then it gets very cold until tomorrow morning it goes down to the freezing minus three degrees in the middle mountains.
in the north and in the south it will not be that cold but it will be fresh enough for tomorrow morning.
and tomorrow it will hardly be milder than today.
only in northern Germany there are then instead of five six degrees nine to eleven degrees and in the south as today thirteen to seventeen degrees.
it will be a dry day only in the beginning there may be a rain shower here and there in the northeast between the east sea and berlin but in the afternoon sun and clouds change.
and in the south we have mostly sunny weather with a weak wind.
also in the north only a weak northwest wind.
up to twenty-two degrees on Saturday twenty-five degrees on Sunday and only directly on the coasts it is a little fresher.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday the sixth of september.
the high above Scandinavia determines our weather.
it also ensures a lot of sunshine tomorrow.
from tuesday onwards clouds of a low changeable weather will reach us from southwest.
During the night most clouds dissolve so it is clear.
in the valleys there will be fog again until morning.
tomorrow in the day a lot of sunshine here and there a few spring clouds in the far east these can lie closer together.
the wind blows weakly in the western half increasingly moderate on the mountains strong gusts.
tonight eleven degrees at the seaside otherwise nine to three degrees.
sixteen degrees on the east and twenty-three degrees on the upper Rhine.
on tuesday in the northeast half even longer sunny parts otherwise from southwest denser clouds and occasionally rain.
in the north it is windy.
on wednesday and thursday unsettled weather clouds rain isolated thunderstorms here and there also sunshine.
at the edge of the deep, which is shifting towards the baltic states, cool and relatively dry air will flow in the north of germany tomorrow.
in the south showers and thunderstorms develop in warm and humid air.
tomorrow in the day sometimes sunny and cloudy, especially in the afternoon the sun can be seen for a longer time in the south, some partly strong thundershowers develop.
the wind blows light to moderate in the north, partly fresher at the coast also strong wind at the Baltic Sea and with thunderstorm gusts.
tonight fifteen degrees in the southwest and five degrees in pomerania.
in the north only twelve to sixteen degrees in the south up to twenty-seven degrees.
on wednesday it rains in parts of the south strong thunderstorms.
in the north it is friendly for a long time and dry until the evening.
on thursday there will be more clouds than sun and occasionally there will be some thunderstorms in the south and east.
on friday times sunny times clouds and only here and there a shower.
the northwestern half of germany will bring some nice weather tomorrow while the balkan deep in the rest of the country will bring many clouds.
and they also have rain showers and thunderstorms in their luggage.
Tonight it will be mostly clear and dry in the northwest and west.
Otherwise mostly cloudy in places rain falls.
during the day there are still a lot of clouds in the east and southeast and there are showers later on there are also some thunderstorms.
otherwise quite friendly with mostly only loose clouds and longer sunshine.
A light to moderate northwest to northwesterly wind blows in showers and thunderstorms.
in the eifel tonight cool four on the spree to twelve degrees.
tomorrow sixteen to twenty-two south of the danube only thirteen to fifteen degrees.
a mostly friendly mixture of sun and clouds at the Pentecost weekend.
Showers and thunderstorms are possible in the southeast.
From Monday onwards it will slowly get cooler and more unsettled from the north.
in the south and southwest there will be some snow on the upper Rhine tonight also rain, partly cloudy, partly clear and dry.
in the rest of the country there is partly high fog from some snow showers but in many regions the sun shows up especially towards the north.
a light to moderate wind is blowing from the east.
in the east tonight to minus eleven on the Upper Rhine plus two degrees.
there tomorrow plus four in the east to minus six degrees.
Dear viewers good evening.
after the rainy augustende the meteorological autumn morning begins quite conciliatory.
and this is already going on this deep the rain deep that has moved to the east and weather determining for us in the next few days this will be high largely west of us.
And that will only get worse.
So very positive news.
tonight in the north here and there showers also in the southeast still moving showers otherwise a few fog fields.
and the night is very fresh.
we will have widespread single digit temperatures in the vicinity of the Alps, there may even be light ground frost in the clear air and in the cold air.
tomorrow with strong northwesterly winds denser clouds will move towards the southeast from time to time with sunshine in between but also a few raindrops.
towards the edge of the Alps and also towards the south-west, where it is very sunny and on the Rhine even twenty degrees warm in the east, on the other hand, only fourteen.
the next few days will remain similarly warm or cool but it will rain quite pleasantly it will rarely.
and now I wish you a nice evening.
Good evening dear viewers.
the continuous rain on the coasts is slowly easing again tomorrow.
at the North Sea so that it will be mostly sunny again tomorrow.
but we have this heavy rain moving further east tonight so schleswig holstein mecklenburg vorpommern.
from the west there are now heavy rain showers and some thunderstorms that reach the red-haired mountains.
otherwise in the east and south we still have partly cloudy skies and it is not so cool.
Tomorrow morning there are eleven to sixteen degrees.
During the day it gets up again but in the middle only around twenty degrees which is a bit cooler than today.
still a little bit cooler so directly at the coasts but summery warmth still holds in the south with twenty-six degrees in the morning there is also mostly the sun still shining.
otherwise we have the rain that moves slowly further to the south strong it is before all things in the northeast but at the north sea it already eases in the morning.
yes, it will continue to be wet in the north at the weekend and especially on Sunday afternoon heavy rain showers and thunderstorms in the west and Monday not much better.
so with the summer it will probably be nothing more.
Have a nice evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday the twenty-first of december.
an air mass border shifts from the south of germany to the middle.
in the coming days the mild air shifts even further north.
On Christmas Eve, colder air will follow.
tonight in the south in the morning it rains again in the middle of southern bavaria and Baden wuerttemberg.
the wind blows slightly to moderately at the Baltic Sea at first still fresh.
tonight five degrees on the Upper Rhine and minus seventeen degrees in the north where it is clearer.
on wednesday it rains occasionally in the north snow or freezing rain.
on thursday in the southeast half a mixture of sunny clouds and fog.
in the northwest snow rain sometimes freezing rain.
snow again on friday.
Tomorrow we can expect a rather friendly day under a light influence of high pressure.
the north and northwest of germany will get some clouds of the ex hurricane bill but only a little rain.
in the east and south tonight there will be some showers or thunderstorms later it will clear up there as in the rest of the country.
Fog wafts here and there.
Tomorrow in the north and northwest some clouds with a few drops.
Individual showers or thunderstorms develop over the southern highlands in the afternoon.
otherwise predominantly friendly.
strong gusts in the North Sea tonight.
mostly light to moderate winds from southwest to west tomorrow.
tonight eleven to sixteen on the North Frisian islands and on the spree to seventeen degrees.
tomorrow temperatures from twenty-one degrees at the north sea to thirty degrees in the breisgau.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow monday the fifteenth of august.
there are corresponding warnings of the german weather service.
south of the main there will be some heavy rain later on, otherwise only scattered showers.
Tomorrow in the south and southeast still partly thundery and locally also longer lasting rain falls.
showers and thunderstorms are possible, otherwise light to moderate winds from west to northwest are possible along the coast.
in the eifel tonight eleven otherwise twelve to seventeen in lausitz to eighteen degrees.
Tomorrow significantly cooler eighteen to twenty-three on the main to twenty-four degrees.
Tuesday and Wednesday will be mostly sunny and dry towards the north, but with thicker clouds and showers in places.
and on thursday showers and thunderstorms with the potential for severe weather are coming from the west.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Tuesday, the twenty-third of February.
a deep stretch stretches over large parts of europe.
it also makes for unstable weather for us.
it is quite mild in the middle and in the south in the north colder air masses keep themselves.
there are only on Friday clear plus degrees measured.
tonight especially in the middle stormy gusts on the mountains partly heavy gusts tomorrow the wind blows light to moderate.
Tonight minus five degrees in the southeast plus seven degrees in the west.
day zero degrees in the very north and twelve degrees in the breisgau.
on wednesday most likely in the south gap in the cloud cover otherwise it rains here and there in the north partly still snow.
also on thursday it rains in some areas at the alps foehn also otherwise it is partly windy.
Friday will continue to be unsettled.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the twenty-third of September.
Also tomorrow the sunny weather will bring us a friendly late summer day.
from the west, however, during the course of the day a low over england becomes noticeable and directs first cloudfields into the country.
and tomorrow it will be mostly sunny again.
mostly only thin curtain clouds appear in the western half later sometimes also denser clouds.
in the far west of the Black Forest and the Alps first showers or thunderstorms are possible in the evening.
the wind blows mostly weakly especially on the coast occasionally also moderate from southern directions.
on the edge of the Alps tonight six on the Lower Rhine mild thirteen degrees.
in north friesland tomorrow nineteen along the rhine twenty-five to twenty-six degrees.
variable at the weekend with partly heavy rain and significantly cooler.
The day after tomorrow there will not even be twenty degrees in many places.
From Sunday onwards it will slowly become friendlier and warmer again under the influence of high pressure.
in the southeast it is mostly clear tonight.
otherwise more and more clouds but at first hardly any rain falls.
tomorrow in the east and southeast partly for a longer time friendly.
in the rest of the country more or less dense clouds bringing some rain in some areas.
a moderate to fresh wind blows from southwest to west.
at the North Sea with stormy gusts.
tonight values from twelve degrees in the Bavarian forest to nineteen on the east sea.
on the North Sea tomorrow only eighteen on the same and isar to twenty-nine degrees.
on saturday at the alps rain.
in the north and northwest some showers or thunderstorms and very windy.
otherwise partly sunny partly cloudy.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday the tenth of june.
the deep that moves to Scandinavia will certainly be our weather tomorrow.
it directs very warm air to the southeastern parts of germany to the northwest, on the other hand, only moderately warm air arrives.
during the night there are strong showers and thunderstorms in the east and especially in the south.
corresponding warnings of the german weather service apply.
during the day it will be cloudy with varying degrees of thunderstorms in some places, which can be severe in the southeast half.
In the north, the risk of showers is lowest.
twenty degrees on the North Sea and up to twenty-nine degrees in Bavaria.
on monday it will be partly cloudy here and there showers and thunderstorms.
on tuesday it will be mostly friendly with scattered showers or thunderstorms.
on wednesday rain partly has to be expected with severe thunderstorms.
Dear viewers good evening.
today a real thunderstorm lies over us again.
that will now move on very quickly.
and the next low-lying ex hurricane bill that moves farther north grabs us only in the northwest.
Tonight, however, mainly the eastern half and the southeast will be affected by showers and partly strong thunderstorms.
in the west the weather calms down again.
and there it is also partly sensitively cool.
only ten degrees local.
in the eastern half it remains very mild overall.
and tomorrow the sun will be shining again in the north and also in the west.
in the northwest from time to time some cloudfields.
so from brandenburg to the edge of the Alps and the Black Forest it can still rain here and there.
In the afternoon there will be isolated thunderstorms at the edge of the Alps.
It will be a bit cooler than today.
but highest temperatures even tomorrow in sunshine are still twenty-seven degrees.
and on Friday rain will come from the northwest.
and brings then to Saturday a strong cooling.
and in the north it also remains slightly unstable.
and now I wish you a nice evening.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the sixteenth of march.
at the same time a deep one of spain approaches that determines our weather from tomorrow.
since the air pressure differences over germany are quite large, the wind is also partly stormy.
the day starts partly cloudy in some regions also friendly.
later there will be more and more clouds bringing rain in the east and south.
the wind blows moderately to fresh and partly strongly gusty in the highlands as well as on the coasts stormy gusts in the Erzgebirge and in the Bavarian forest also gusts.
minus two degrees tonight in the northeast plus eight in the rhine main area.
there tomorrow to sixteen on the East Sea, by contrast, only a cool three degrees.
in the next few days it cools down further, especially in the southeast half on Thursday there will be partly longer lasting rainfall.
on Friday in the south-east and north-west there will be some rain and on Saturday there will be some snow in the highlands.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the fifth of july.
the south of germany still brings the humid and warm air of the past days partly strong thunderstorms.
otherwise it will be mostly friendly tomorrow thanks to high pressure.
of france, however, an atlantic low point is approaching again, which provides a clear cooling in the new week.
in the south and east there will be some thunderstorms tonight.
clouds in the north with scattered rain, otherwise it clears up.
in the northeast tomorrow scattered showers in the south also strong thunderstorms.
in the rest of the country mostly dry and partly sunny for a longer time in the west there may be strong thunderstorms again later.
except for thunderstorms weak to moderate northwesterly winds.
twelve degrees tonight in the extreme south to eighteen in lausitz.
tomorrow temperatures from twenty-one degrees on the North Sea to thirty on the Upper Rhine.
Tuesday and Wednesday changeable and noticeably cooler.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the sixth of may.
there are partly strong and abundant rainfalls.
in the north it will be clear for a longer time tonight while further south dense clouds prevail.
Sometimes it rains heavily.
in the southern half mostly light to moderate wind from different directions.
in the north the fresh to strong wind blows at the lake and in thunderstorms sometimes gale force winds.
in the southeast tonight to ten in the north locally only cool one degree.
tomorrow temperatures range from five degrees in the sauerland to eighteen degrees in the passauer region.
Dear viewers good evening.
dense clouds over berlin already this afternoon the harbingers of the rain clouds this low over eastern europe will bring us now.
and on top of that comes now on this somewhat unusual way also significantly milder air.
but these air mass contrasts also produce heavy rain in the northeast twenty-five liters or more per square meter in twelve hours are quite possible focal point brandenburg.
there may be some thunderstorms at the lake at the edge of the alps but only some showers and in the west it remains dry at first.
the best chances for sunshine and dry weather are in the northwest and the milder air will definitely make itself felt in the north tomorrow.
but under the dense clouds and in the southeast it remains much cooler.
and until friday the rain clouds become less and less the sun shines more frequently.
and then it will be much warmer.
and Sunday still looks similar.
on monday there is a small question mark.
now I wish you a nice evening.
at the weekend high air pressure together with very warm air brings us a lot of sunshine and partly summer temperatures.
an atlantic low pressure system will bring showers and thunderclouds from the northwest on Sunday.
otherwise it clears up more and more.
in the lowlands there is fog here and there.
in the northeast the day starts partly cloudy.
in the rest of the country mostly the sun shines beside a few harmless clouds.
there is a light to moderate wind blowing from the south in the North Sea.
in the Allgäu tonight cool four on the spree to eleven degrees.
on reprimand tomorrow fourteen along the Rhine summery twenty-five to twenty-six degrees.
on Sunday in the west and northwest dense clouds and occasionally strong showers or thunderstorms.
in the southeast half still a lot of sun dry and very warm.
Good evening dear viewers.
also the rain in the east has moved away soon.
It will be drier again in the next few days.
the air is a bit fresher from the north sea it has come.
and tomorrow she will rest a bit with us.
and on Wednesday comes a high pressure area that settles right over central Europe.
and then very warm air comes to us again from the southwest.
so for a long time it will be a little bit cooler which means maybe last rain showers tonight.
but otherwise more cloudy in northern Germany this night.
and the day brings many clouds in northern germany from time to time in the morning still small rain showers.
and the wind blows strongly from west to northwest.
which then slowly subsides and the sun also comes out more and more in northern Germany.
and temperatures will continue to rise in the next few days, it will be mostly sunny.
on wednesday and thursday even up to twenty-seven degrees.
but on Friday a new weather change will come.
I wish you a good evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Saturday, the eighteenth of September.
the north on the other hand influences the deep over Scandinavia it remains cool.
tonight there will be some showers on the coasts also directly on the alps there may be some rain.
during the day in the northern half here and there showers especially on the coasts.
in the southern half the sun is shining for a long time.
at the alps denser clouds bringing scattered rain.
in the south weak wind in the north it blows moderately to fresh at the east sea partly still stormy gusts.
tonight eleven degrees at the lake and in places one degree in the south.
thirteen degrees in the north and nineteen degrees in the upper Rhine.
on sunday in the north some clouds here and there it rains or showers otherwise a lot of sun.
on monday it will rain in the northern half of the country. In the south it will be sunny and dry.
on tuesday in the southern half a lot of sun in the northern half sun clouds and only single showers.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the twenty-seventh of February.
the clouds of the low over the north sea spread to the entire south and west of germany until tomorrow evening.
at the border to the colder air in the east and southeast, the rain turns into snow and partly into freezing rain.
In parts of bavaria as well as east of weser and fulda, sleet and freezing rain can be expected during the night.
in the northeast it is clear.
during the day, the sun shines north-east of the river Elbe, rain or drizzle here and there in the alps as well as from the Bavarian forest to the Thuringian forest in the high altitudes.
the wind blows slightly to moderately west of the rhine as well as on the coasts also fresh.
tonight five degrees on the rhine in eastern saxon to minus nine degrees.
by day one degree on Rügen and eight degrees on the Upper Rhine.
Mostly calm high pressure weather is expected in the coming days.
on monday drizzle is most likely in the west and south.
on tuesday sunny clouds and high fog.
on wednesday friendly weather once the fog is gone.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the twenty-fourth of september.
that gives the east of germany at first a reasonably friendly and dry day.
in the rest of the country, the foothills of a North Sea low will bring many clouds and partly heavy rain tomorrow.
west of a line holstein osthessen baden falls today still partly heavy rain locally violent thunderstorms are possible.
dry in the eastern half and clear for a longer time.
during the day the rain slowly spreads eastwards in some regions the strong thunderstorms are also present.
light to moderate wind from south to southwest which can be strong to stormy in showers and thunderstorms.
tomorrow fourteen degrees in the Eifel to twenty-five degrees in the Saale.
on sunday little changes to this weather also the new week starts unsteady and even a little cooler.
Good evening dear viewers.
Five hundred to one thousand kilometres separate us from the warm and sunny weather over western Europe.
especially in france is the warmth but unfortunately it will not reach us.
we still have the cool autumn weather with fifteen to a maximum of twenty degrees.
at the mediterranean sea otherwise still warm in high summer especially in spain but also in turkey and greece.
with us as I said autumn temperatures tomorrow morning there are five to twelve degrees.
it changes sun and clouds but this does not last long at the northern edge of the middle mountains and in brandenburg the clouds get denser it starts to rain again and again.
In the afternoon there will probably also be heavy rain showers in the east. This probably also applies to the Erzgebirge and eastern Bavaria.
but otherwise in the west and south as friendly as today with sun and clouds and only a weak northerly wind.
the temperatures do not change seventeen to twenty-one degrees, here in the west seventeen to nineteen in the south.
and a bit cooler here in the northeast after all.
yes in the next few days it will not get warmer but the rain showers decrease.
On saturday we still have some on sunday and on monday it is getting sunnier.
I wish you a nice evening and make it good.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the second december.
Low pressure systems over the Atlantic are causing unsettled weather in the northwest half of Germany.
the southeastern parts of the country initially benefit from a high above the Balkans.
during the night it rains mainly in the north and northwest in the south it is partly clear, partly cloudy or foggy.
the dense rain clouds shift southeast.
Towards the northwest there will be some showers on the coasts.
in the night ten degrees on the Lower Rhine and minus two degrees in Bavaria.
day five degrees in the extreme north fourteen degrees in the foothills of the Alps.
in the course of Saturday new rainfalls spread from northwest to southeast and it becomes very windy to stormy.
on Sunday it will be variable weather with partly stormy weather.
on Monday it will be cloudy, but mostly dry.
the wind stops.
the eastern part of Germany is brought by a deep, partly productive rain.
Until Monday evening, about 80 litres per square metre can come together.
there are severe weather warnings of the German weather service.
these severe rainfalls spread during the night also to the north in the rest of the country it is sometimes cloudy and sometimes clear in the west some showers.
during the day there are clouds in the northeast direction southwest, apart from denser clouds with isolated showers also the sun.
light to moderate on the coast as well as in the southeastern highlands also fresh to strong winds from different directions.
cool two degrees tonight on the upper danube to thirteen degrees on the east sea.
tomorrow temperatures from nine degrees in the vogtland to nineteen in the uckermark.
on Tuesday there will still be a lot of clouds but less rain and on Wednesday it will become clearer.
Dear viewers good evening.
classic autumn mood at the north sea today but most in the east and south could again record a very pleasant autumn day with sun and clouds.
we still have a slight dichotomy but now the atlantic deep is trying to steer its rainfronts towards central europe and gets a bit more space every day.
it becomes clear in the east and south with some fog fields and where it clears up the temperatures drop until early morning well below ten degrees four even only at the edge of the Alps.
Throughout the northwest more clouds and especially heavy rain in the afternoon from the northwest.
friendly weather in the east and also in the south with sun and clouds - this also applies to munich tomorrow.
and above all pleasant temperatures of twenty-one degrees are even reached again.
However, the warmth will gradually subside in the south over the next few days until Saturday.
the weather will be windy to stormy partly it will even rain heavily.
so the prospects are already autumn.
Have a nice evening for you.
It remains changeable for the time being.
if then it loosens at night most likely in the northern half times on otherwise it is mostly cloudy.
during the day the clouds prevail occasionally it sometimes loosens on places it snows a little in deeper areas also rain.
during the day there will be moderate to moderate winds from the northeast.
tonight plus three to minus three degrees of caution due to slippage.
in the course of the day, the values rise to minus one degree in the mountains and plus five degrees at the Baltic Sea.
the views on sunday, the clouds lie differently close together.
occasionally the sun shines sporadically it snows a little.
Friendly sections on monday.
Similar weather then also on Tuesday in the far north some snow or rain.
Dear viewers good evening.
winter still has much of europe in its grasp.
Even germany is still freezing cold and it gets especially uncomfortable towards the weekend.
because this will move deep here with warmer air towards the alps until tomorrow evening tomorrow night.
and as it stays cold we can expect a real winter weekend with a lot of snow and above all with stormy wind.
s going to be very icy between minus seventeen degrees and minus three degrees the lowest temperatures.
there will be more sun in the south, maybe a few snowflakes in the southeast.
and it remains consistently frosty between minus ten and minus one degree largely.
the temperature is a little milder only in the southwest and also in the northeast.
and then the winter weekend comes a lot of snow on Friday in the south or from the southeast on Saturday mainly towards the north and west on Sunday again new snow.
good evening and welcome to the weather.
goodbye to the winter strong thaw that will be quite violent.
thereby the cold air that was still over us today is removed very quickly with heavy rain with mild air and also with wind.
very dangerous this transition zone it always starts with snow then freezing rain but then also very quickly with rain on frozen ground there is an extreme risk of icy conditions.
and there such a danger zone develops which already starts tonight in the west and then hikes over germany to the east until tomorrow noon.
there will be hardly anything happening in the eastern half tonight but in the west it will start with freezing snow, freezing rain and slippery conditions.
strong wind that brings already plus degrees that we get to feel here on the Upper Rhine.
However, the eastern half is still extremely cold tonight.
and tomorrow it will only be dry in the south-east.
in the west it will already rain heavily in the east, in contrast, in the beginning still snow and also freezing rain and risk of slipping.
the wind brings very mild air so that the plus degrees prevail almost everywhere.
It will continue mildly over the next few days.
at first still with a lot of rain strong wind but this mild air lets the thaw continue.
now I wish you a nice evening.
Germany is coming under increasing pressure and tomorrow the sun is shining.
in addition, warm air from southwest Europe reaches us.
on wednesday the twenty degree mark will be exceeded before it gets cooler again later in the week.
in the vicinity of the Alps there are some showers tonight in the north, some rain falls in places, otherwise it clears up in many places.
Fog is forming locally.
in the east and northeast there will be some denser clouds tomorrow but hardly any rain.
Otherwise the sun is shining.
a light to moderate southerly wind blows.
under clear skies tonight light frost in the north sea under clouds up to plus six degrees.
on the Baltic Sea and in the Vogtland tomorrow twelve on the Upper Rhine to nineteen degrees.
Also on Wednesday mostly sunny and warm in the west later cloudier and locally showers are possible.
from thursday it will be more changeable again and in the western half also cooler.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the twelfth november.
a storm-low determines our weather in the night and tomorrow.
its centre moves across the North Sea to southern Sweden.
all of germany gets into the storm field of the low the strongest storm is in the north.
corresponding severe weather warnings of the German weather service apply.
caution because of gusts partly also heavy gusts in the north partly gale-force gusts on the higher mountains gale-force gusts.
tonight values between seven and one degree a day then eight degrees in the Vogtland and fifteen degrees in the Upper Rhine.
on saturday it is partly friendly in the south, otherwise rain again and again and it is still quite windy.
on Sunday in the northwest half and rain towards the southeast it is mostly friendly and unusually mild.
on Monday it will be mostly cloudy for a while.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the nineteenth of may.
a deep over the Balkans continues to produce abundant rain which aggravates the flood situation in eastern central Europe.
in the southern half tonight at first some showers but also clouds.
there are also in the west.
in the east, on the other hand, partly abundant rain spreading slowly towards the middle.
Tomorrow will be mostly dry in the northwest here and there the sun shows up.
otherwise there will be occasional rain which is especially strong in the middle in the east there may also be thunderstorms.
a moderate to fresh northwesterly wind blows with stormy gusts in the high altitudes.
Clearing up tonight near zero in the northeast under clouds up to ten degrees.
in the north tomorrow to twenty in the vogtland with continuous rain only cool seven degrees.
it will be warmer on thursday with many clouds and occasional thunderstorms.
on Friday it will be increasingly friendly from the northwest and on Saturday there will be more sunshine than clouds.
Germany is in the middle of several pressure zones and so the friendly weather will remain tomorrow.
at the same time milder air flows into the western parts of the country.
on the following days low pressure areas determine what happens.
Tonight it is very foggy in the east, partly clear and partly cloudy.
Here and there fog is forming.
tomorrow there will be a friendly mixture of sun and harmless clouds after the mist and high fog fields have cleared.
somewhat more numerous are the clouds in the west and southwest.
in the high altitudes and on the coasts also strong.
the lowest temperatures of the night are between plus eight degrees and minus three degrees.
The outlook for Thursday is for intermittent rain, but it will remain dry only in the northeast.
on friday and saturday sunshine and rain clouds alternate.
However, it remains quite mild.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow saturday the eighth of may.
also tomorrow low air pressure determines our weather.
especially in the north and south of germany the clouds dominate while in the middle the sun can show up more often.
In the north, the skies will remain mostly cloudy tonight and light rain will fall in some areas.
In the direction of the alps there are isolated showers otherwise mostly dry and in some regions it clears also on especially there fog can form.
also tomorrow in the north a lot of clouds bringing some rain here and there.
south of the Danube, showers and isolated thunderstorms may develop especially in the afternoon.
in the rest of the country sometimes cloudy, sometimes friendly and mostly dry.
apart from isolated thunderstorms in the south, the wind blows mostly weak from different directions.
where it clears up longer tonight is slightly frost possible.
in lausitz under clouds up to eight degrees.
in the south it will be warmer in the next few days but this is the only bright spot because otherwise it will remain changeable with rain partly with strong showers and thunderstorms.
the sun plays only a minor role.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Tuesday, the twenty-ninth of January.
in the coming days, depths over the atlantic will determine our weather.
the air that flows to us is very mild.
thaw awaits us.
during the night rain spreads from the west on the mountains as well as in the eastern half snow or freezing rain has to be expected.
during the day it rains first in the east and then it loosens up there as well as in the north.
Particularly in the southwest half it rains longer.
in the Bavarian forest it is still snowing heavily.
at night four degrees on the Lower Rhine and minus five degrees on the Alps.
on day three in the Bavarian forest and eleven degrees in the cologne bay.
the views on wednesday it loosens up in the south sometimes, otherwise it rains from time to time and it is very windy.
on thursday it is only partly friendly later coming from the west rain and wind.
on Friday it will continue to be changeable and windy.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the third december.
a second one that goes from the mediterranean sea to slovakia lets snow fall in the southeast.
between these two lows it may clear up in the south and in the middle tonight.
thereby the infused cold air cools down even further.
in the north as well as near the Alps there will be snow tonight, otherwise it will be clear in some areas for quite some time.
also in southern Bavaria it snows occasionally.
in the rest of the country partly sunny, partly cloudy and mainly dry.
in the southern half weak otherwise moderate at the Baltic Sea fresh wind from west to southwest.
with longer clear tonight very severe frost least cold near the coast.
tomorrow minus one degree on the Frisian islands minus ten in the east.
on Saturday a mixture of clouds and sun later some snow in some areas not so cold.
from sunday on plusdegrees are possible again, at least in the west.
but since clouds with snow and rain are always coming, it can be dangerous slippery.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the twenty-third of november.
in the north, however, clouds of an atlantic low-lying foothill are already noticeable, which will be replenished in the second half of the week.
but the much needed rain is still coming.
Tonight it will be partly clear, partly fog or high fog again.
in the northern half there are occasionally clouds and in the northwest also a few drops.
in the north it will be mostly cloudy tomorrow, it will rain a little, otherwise fog and sun.
which can be seen mainly from Hesse via Thuringia to Saxony as well as in the higher mountains.
the wind blows weakly from different directions on the coast also moderately from south to southwest.
in the region of Aachen tonight up to plus five at the edge of the Alps frosty minus five degrees.
tomorrow only in the west still double digits, otherwise two to nine degrees in the fog even cooler.
on thursday similar weather on friday in the north and northwest at times sunny and cloudy and windy towards evening some rain otherwise fog and sun.
on saturday everywhere a change of sun and clouds bringing single showers.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow saturday the twenty-fourth april.
an extended high pressure zone stretching from england to the black sea brings us a lot of sunshine at the weekend with rising temperatures.
in the north, however, the clouds of a low foothill can cloud the sunshine a bit, but it remains largely dry.
during the night there is some rain near the coast at the edge of the alps at first here and there a few clouds later also fog otherwise widely clear.
in the south and in the middle there will be almost unclouded sunshine tomorrow.
in the north sometimes sunny sometimes cloudy and mostly dry.
also at the edge of the Alps a few clouds and isolated showers are not excluded there in the afternoon.
light to moderate winds from north to east.
also on Sunday a lot of sunshine at up to twenty-five degrees.
isolated showers and thunderstorms are possible in the southwest from the afternoon hours.
the new week starts changeable and a bit cooler but on Tuesday it will be friendlier from the west again.
Dear viewers good evening.
this wonderful sunny day today is symptomatic of the sunniest spring since the beginning of the weather records eighteen hundred and ninety-three, at least according to the german weather service.
for the meteorologists the spring comes to an end tomorrow and the last day will not be so sunny anymore because a low brings a clear cooling and therefore also showers and thunderstorms.
first showers and thunderstorms will appear tonight already in the west and also at the edge of the alps partly in the highlands.
they will intensify tomorrow because we have strong temperature contrasts.
and between these different air masses there can develop violent thunderstorms with heavy rain squalls and hail that will move eastward in the afternoon or in the afternoon also reach or in the course of the afternoon.
to the west there is some heavy rain and this rain is moving slowly towards the east.
on wednesday still rain before all things in the middle and also in the south.
Thursday then slowly drier again.
and on Friday we are back at twenty-eight degrees.
I wish you a nice evening.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday the twentieth of november.
the distribution of air pressure over europe has been similar for several weeks.
so also tomorrow high air pressure determines the weather with fog clouds and sun.
at the danube and in the northeast half the night starts mostly cloudy otherwise partly clear.
in the course of the night fog fields spread from the southwest also some clouds with some drizzle.
during the day it is cloudy in many places, sometimes during the day, but also the sun fights its way through.
It seems undisturbed by the Alps and the Erzgebirge.
the wind blows only weakly tomorrow in the mountains even moderately.
zero degrees on the day with persistent fog in the southeast and twelve degrees on the Lower Rhine.
the outlook from monday to wednesday the weather hardly changes.
Calm autumn high pressure weather awaits us as the higher altitudes continue to favour sunshine.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday the fifteenth june.
the high above northwestern europe determines the weather in the north and in the middle of germany with dry but cool air.
in the south already tomorrow a deep over the mediterranean makes itself noticeable.
in the south especially at the beginning of the night still some showers, otherwise it is partly clear.
in the southwest it starts to rain in places towards tomorrow.
during the day it rains especially south of the danube here and there are some thunderstorms and the sun often shines towards the north.
the wind is moderate to moderate.
later in the west and southwest partly fresh wind with strong to stormy gusts.
in the Black Forest also gusts of wind.
fourteen degrees in the Upper Rhine tonight and five degrees in the East.
by day fifteen degrees at the Baltic Sea and up to twenty-four degrees in the Rhine neckar area.
also on wednesday it is friendly in the north in the middle and in the south more clouds than sun here and there it also rains thunderstorms in the south.
It is partly windy.
on thursday also in the north more clouds the rain can bring otherwise some thundershowers.
on friday more clouds than sun showers or thunderstorms.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday the twenty-fifth of january.
it brings rain and snowfall.
In the second half of the week, we can expect calm cold winter weather.
then it expands eastward high above the atlantic.
Tonight it is raining or snowing here and there in the southeast of bavaria.
gently smooth.
Later comes widespread rain from the North Sea.
during the day, the precipitation area shifts from the northwest over the center to the southeast in the northwest as well as in the lowlands rain that can freeze towards the southeast, the rain turns into snow.
tonight three degrees in the northwest in the allgäu minus six degrees.
on the day minus one degree in the Bavarian forest and six degree on the ems.
on wednesday there will be some snow or rain, especially in the south and west.
on thursday only here and there some snow next to dense clouds some sun.
also on Friday calm wintry and mainly dry weather.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the twenty-third of april.
the north of germany will be touched by a weak low spur and its clouds tomorrow.
There is also some rain.
otherwise the sun shines under the influence of high pressure.
tonight the sky is mostly clear and tomorrow it will be sunny almost everywhere.
in the vicinity of the coast sometimes denser clouds appear and occasionally some rain falls there.
in the south there are some thin curtain clouds but only at the edge of the Alps there is a low risk of showers.
light to moderate on the coast, partly fresh wind in the south, it blows from the northeast to the north from the west.
Tonight, light frost or values near freezing point in the North Sea up to plus four degrees.
there tomorrow fresh nine degrees in the south against warm seventeen to twenty-one degrees.
in the course of Sunday, isolated showers or thunderstorms are possible in the southwest.
Good evening dear viewers.
drought and frost affect agriculture.
here a few grapevines glorious as they are supposed to look at the moment.
with the flowers really proud the shoots reach up into the air.
but after the frost of the past few days it has just come to the point that these shoots are frozen, they are brown and that means harvest losses also for wine everywhere in germany.
tonight there is still frost in the south, there is no wine cultivated, rather in saxon but there is at most a bit of ground frost.
and tomorrow it will be altogether warmer for all of us also in the northeast at least sixteen to twenty-two degrees and in the west even warmer twenty-three to twenty-five degrees again.
dryness throughout the day sunny weather is also wonderful and otherwise there will be a few high curtain clouds in the west and in the middle.
high risk of forest fires as a result of course the forests are bone dry and above all things northern germany.
but by the weekend it will be really serious and dangerous in the forests here in the west that there could be fires.
It will continue to be sunny, dry and warm, especially in the west, with temperatures up to twenty-six degrees and into the new week.
Have a nice evening and do well.
Dear viewers good evening.
after the storm is before the storm.
the thunderstorm situation is not over yet now the thunderstorms are coming from the southwest in this sweltering warm air.
the greatest chance of rain and thunderstorms tonight throughout the southwest tomorrow with some early morning persistent rain also heading east.
and there can be severe weather due to heavy rain gusts and hail.
only in the north there is not much happening and that will be the case tomorrow.
very friendly dry weather but over the middle still partly heavy rain with thunderstorms interspersed further severe weather risk by heavy rain and gale force winds.
the whole thing spreads even further towards the north and also towards the south.
and in terms of temperature it remains in the north, similar to today in the south, still the warmest but not quite as warm as today.
the next days will bring less thunderstorms but still showers and maximum temperatures up to a maximum of twenty degrees.
if you would like to receive news about severe weather warnings, you can do so at any time on the internet via the zdf text or via weather zdf point d e.
now I wish you a pleasant evening.
Good evening dear viewers.
our weather is getting a bit gray again so you will not experience such a blue sky today in würzburg tomorrow.
There is no snow there either.
There is a lack of snow in Germany at the moment but we do have a bit of snow.
look north up here kiel hamburg schleswig holstein niedersachsen lies a bit.
also here in Saxony or Thuringia, partly down on the edge of the Alps in the south of Baden-Wuerttemberg and also here in the hunsrück in Rhineland Palatinate.
but there is hardly any snow although the clouds are coming in from the west.
and tomorrow morning they will actually bring a bit of rain or snow in the west.
and then it can become extremely smooth.
the temperatures will then be at zero degrees in the west but we will have the right frost again in the east with minus ten to minus fifteen maybe even down to minus seventeen degrees.
but during the day the frost will fade very quickly and in the middle and in the west it will already be frost-free while we still keep the frosty weather from the east sea to the lausitz and mostly also the wonderful sunshine similar to today in Bavaria.
but in the west it will remain cloudy all day long, it will rain a little bit in the morning and then it can still be slippery.
the ground is partially still frozen.
friday relax it gets drier and a bit friendlier again.
but at the weekend it will be wet again and that means it will rain but above five six hundred meters there will also be snow.
Due to high pressure we can expect mostly dry and partly friendly weather up to and including Saturday.
in addition, for the season unusually mild air flows in so that in the south of germany the twenty degree mark moves again within reach.
tonight it is mostly clear or only loosely cloudy, especially in the southern half some fog fields spread out and may persist in parts tomorrow.
especially in the west and in the south sometimes clouds appear, otherwise it will be friendly.
south of the danube tonight values around the freezing point on the Lower Rhine to nine degrees.
Tomorrow temperatures of ten to seventeen degrees in the south will be even warmer.
on saturday in the southeast half a mixture of fog clouds and sun.
Towards the northwest more clouds but mostly dry.
Sunday and Monday will be unsettled with a lot of clouds bringing some rain.
It will be cooler and windy.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow monday the twentieth of september.
the high over central europe brings the southern half of germany also tomorrow calm friendly high pressure weather.
Especially towards the coast it rains tonight.
in the south fog forms in some rivers.
during the day it rains north of a line emsland uckermark at the north sea partly longer in the middle sometimes sun and clouds.
in the south next to a few spring clouds much sunshine.
tonight thirteen degrees on sylt in the south must be expected with ground frost.
fourteen degrees in the day with rain in the north and twenty-two degrees in the sun in the southwest.
on tuesday lots of sunshine as soon as the fog has cleared in the north sun clouds and isolated showers.
on wednesday friendly weather only a few clouds on thursday only sun later the clouds increase in the west in the afternoon isolated showers and thunderstorms.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the fifteenth april.
in the north and northwest of germany, this ensures friendly weather high above the atlantic.
during the night it is often clear in the north and northwest, otherwise it rains in some places, especially in the middle.
in the higher highlands it snows partly.
a lot of sunshine during the day in the north and northwest, otherwise it will be cloudy with varying degrees of thickness, especially in the middle of the day.
There is still snow on the mountains.
the wind blows light to moderate from north to northeast.
tonight seven to zero degrees where it clears up longer, light frost is possible.
values between six and sixteen degrees per day.
on friday it rains from time to time south of the danube and on other days it is mostly friendly.
on Saturday a lot of sunshine, especially in the south as well as on the coasts it is cloudy but also there hardly any rain.
It is windy on the coasts.
on sunday the sun often shines in the south in the northern half it rains here and there sometimes there is snow with it.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the fourteenth of January.
to the southwest of germany some milder air flows.
at the same time, however, the high above Scandinavia is maintained so that this air does not advance further northeast.
During the night it snows, especially in the southwest half of the country, freezing rain is possible in places.
caution because of smoothness.
during the day mostly dense clouds with only scattered sunshine here and there some snow towards the southwest, partly freezing rain.
in the south the wind blows slightly northwards moderately on the coasts it blows fresh.
tonight zero degrees in the breisgau minus thirteen degrees in the thuringian basin.
on the day plus four degrees in the breisgau and minus five degrees in parts of thuringia and saxon.
the outlook on friday is mostly cloudy with only a few flakes of sunshine in the middle and south here and there.
also on Saturday individual flakes overall but a little more sunshine.
in the course of Sunday snow is coming from the west to rain in the southwest.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday, the fifteenth of February.
The low that moves towards Scotland tomorrow means that it will gradually become milder from the south west in the coming days.
During the night it can still snow a little, especially in the western low mountain ranges and in the very north.
during the day, the clouds are sometimes more or less close together in the west and northeast, it still snows slightly in some places.
the sun shows up from time to time especially in the south and from the Erzgebirge to the North Sea.
the wind blows weakly at the North Sea also moderately.
tonight minus three degrees at the east sea and in places minus fifteen degrees where it clears up longer.
caution because of smoothness.
On the day it will be minus six to plus one degree coldest on the Rhine.
on tuesday there may be some snow or freezing rain in the northwest, otherwise partly sunny, partly cloudy or fog.
sometimes snow sometimes rain sometimes freezing rain sometimes sunshine.
the winter weather is pulling out all the stops at the moment and good evening my ladies and gentlemen.
it can still be slippery on our streets even this night.
we expect dangerous freezing rain especially in northern germany.
in the south, some of the stars sparkle and dense fog forms at the lowest temperatures between minus five and minus two degrees.
Highs between minus one and plus six degrees are expected tomorrow.
and even these temperatures are still so close to freezing point that it can often be slippery on pavements and roads.
even if the snowfall then slowly moves further to the east and the sun shows up on the North Sea coast again.
It will be really friendly tomorrow in the southwest so from the Upper Rhine to the Allgäu there is more often the sun.
our winter weather goes on rather calmly.
sometimes the sun shines sometimes there are denser clouds sometimes some snow sometimes some rain.
and the temperature contrasts will intensify until the end of the week.
then they are in the northeast in the permafrost of minus seven degrees in the southwest at plus five degrees.
what it still is for tonight beautiful.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the eleventh of august.
the small high disappears towards the northeast and makes room for the clouds of a North Sea deep.
and this also ensures very unsettled weather on the following days.
in the daytime mostly clouds determine the sky in some areas rain or it showers.
in the afternoon there are also thunderstorms which can be strong.
the sun shows preferably in the southeast and later also towards the north sea.
mostly light to moderate southwesterly winds with strong gusts in showers and thunderstorms.
ten degrees tonight in the Bavarian forest on the east sea to seventeen degrees.
on the day nineteen degrees in sauerland to twenty-seven degrees in lausitz.
In some places it can also rain for longer periods of time and generously.
on Friday, especially in the east and southeast, partly heavy rain towards the west.
It's going to be a busy weekend.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Saturday, the twenty-sixth of June.
in the south there will be more humid air tomorrow in which isolated showers and thunderstorms may develop.
the wind blows weakly in the north also moderately from the north.
on the main and upper Rhine tomorrow seven and twenty to twenty-eight degrees on the north and east coast fresh seventeen to eighteen degrees.
on sunday it will be mostly sunny towards evening with isolated showers and thunderstorms possible in the southwest, especially over highlands.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday the seventh of march.
The new week starts sunny under the influence of high pressure and on Tuesday it will be even milder.
in the course of wednesday the foothills of a north sea deep send us rain clouds again.
tonight it is still cloudy in parts of the south, especially at the edge of the Alps, otherwise the stars sparkle from the sky here and there.
during the day the sun shines in the whole country most likely in the north some harmless clouds appear.
in the northern half the wind will blow from the south slightly to moderately tomorrow, otherwise moderate to fresh in gusts strong and stormy in the highlands from the east.
a frosty night awaits us on the North Sea and on the Lower Rhine minus two degrees in the Bavarian forest.
tomorrow still similar temperatures as today two degrees in the vogtland to ten on the upper Rhine.
on Tuesday it will be a little milder with mostly sunshine.
on wednesday clouds move from the north to the middle of the area, it rains a bit in the south mostly friendly.
on thursday again cooler in the north rain and very windy towards the south it remains mostly dry.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the eighteenth june.
also in northern Germany the high pressure weather ends tomorrow.
that moves deep from the alps to poland brings heavy and thundery rainfalls in the south.
In the direction of the north sea it will be cloudier during the night, especially in the south there will be some rain and thunderstorms.
during the day in the north and west sometimes sunny times clouds with a few raindrops in the south and southeast it rains heavily in some areas.
in the northwest half the wind blows moderately to fresh with strong to stormy gusts in the north sea otherwise apart from thunderstorm gusts weak to moderate wind.
Fifteen degrees on the Danube tonight and up to six degrees in the northeast.
on the day thirteen degrees with continuous rain in the south to twenty-five degrees on the or.
on saturday here and there showers with thunder and lightning south of the danube it rains for a longer time only twelve to eighteen degrees.
on sunday variable weather with showers at the edge of the alpine rain on monday the weather gradually calms down.
and now the weather forecast for Monday the thirteenth of September.
the foothill of a low off the norwegian coast crosses germany eastwards with rain clouds.
Cooler air flows in behind it, which briefly comes under the influence of light high pressure before we reach the next low on Tuesday.
in the east and southeast tonight the clouds will have even bigger gaps, otherwise there will be widespread rain which will be heavy in places.
at the beginning there are also some thunderstorms.
in the course of the night the rain decreases in the west and there the sun may show itself partly longer tomorrow while it rains or showers in the eastern half of the region.
A light to moderate wind will be blowing from the west tomorrow.
Tonight mild ten to fifteen in the southeast under clear skies only seven to nine degrees.
on the edge of the Alps tomorrow thirteen otherwise fourteen to eighteen along the Rhine to nineteen degrees.
on tuesday and wednesday in the north partly very windy also on thursday sometimes more or less clouds bringing showers or rain here and there.
It remains quite mild.
between the high over southeastern Europe and the low over france flows very warm and increasingly humid air to us.
the clouds of the low will show tomorrow evening with showers and thunderstorms from the west.
apart from thin haze clouds there will be a lot of sunshine tomorrow.
in the afternoon clouds develop in the southwest and thunderstorms follow locally with hail and heavy rain.
tomorrow the wind blows mostly only weakly from the south with thunderstorms may occur in the evening gale force winds from the west.
tonight values between fifteen and seven degrees on the day twenty-one degrees on the coasts and up to thirty degrees on the Upper Rhine.
in the night to monday the showers and thunderstorms move eastward on monday then in the southeast showers up to twenty-six degrees.
on wednesday mostly cloudy weather.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the twenty-fifth of march.
the high above ireland retreats a bit, so clouds of the lowlands can penetrate over northern europe into the north of germany.
on saturday there will be a lot of cooler air and temperatures will drop, especially in the northern half.
also during the day in the north and east occasionally dense clouds north of the central mountains it rains a bit.
to the southwest the sun shines next to hazy clouds.
the wind blows light to moderate on the north and east sea strong gusty wind.
tonight six degrees in the saarland and minus three degrees in the alps.
on day five degrees on Rügen and warm twenty degrees on the Upper Rhine.
on saturday many clouds here and there rain or snow showers in the south also isolated thunderstorms.
in the afternoon it loosens up again in the north.
on sunday there will be more and more showers south of the danube.
on monday sunshine and clouds in the south also thunderstorms.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the ninth april.
tonight a band of clouds lies across germany, shifting towards the southeast and dropping some rain in places.
before and behind the band of clouds it is partly clear locally fog forms.
Tomorrow there will be dense clouds but also sunshine.
in the northeast and in the south some showers will remain mostly dry.
a light to moderate wind blows on the coasts from north west to north, fresh and strong gusts.
under clouds tonight to nine degrees under clear skies partially values near freezing point.
At the weekend it will remain changeable and it will be even cooler.
in the highlands as well as in the southeast snow or sleet may also fall on Sunday.
It will also be windy.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the twenty-fifth of april.
in addition, the high also attracts warmer air.
in the southwest, however, a low foothill becomes noticeable in the evening causing isolated showers and thunderstorms.
in the north there are only a few clouds here and there tonight, otherwise it is mostly starry, isolated fog.
in the afternoon the first showers and thunderstorms can develop from the black forest to the alps and in the evening they can also spread to the western parts of the country.
on the Upper Rhine morning summer twenty-five degrees at the Baltic Sea coast with onshore wind fresh sixteen degrees.
on Monday cooler and changeable with showers and thunderstorms which can be locally strong.
on Tuesday it will be friendlier and on Wednesday it will be warmer again.
some rain is falling only in the north.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow saturday the ninth of january.
the deep over northern Italy ensures that it snows for a longer time in germany in the coming night and during the day.
corresponding severe weather warnings of the German weather service apply.
tonight the values are between minus two and minus eight degrees.
on the day then minus six degrees in Vogtland and plus one degree at the Baltic Sea.
on monday partly already bigger gaps in the cloud cover it snows here and there only slightly.
hardly any snow on Tuesday.
Dear viewers good evening.
icy saint already at the beginning of may to spread starry nights the showers that fall in the course of the evening already largely in itself.
and by early morning it will be quite frosty again, from the Lüneburger Heide to the edge of the Alps.
and in the next few days this much milder air deep on the Atlantic will send us back to central europe.
that means there is plenty of sunshine dry weather.
and so the risk of forest fires will continue to spread until the weekend in the northeast it was and remains very high.
and agriculture is already complaining about problems.
the weekend will be a real leisure weekend in the west then again summer temperatures lots of sunshine.
and on sunday in the west there might be a shower.
now I wish you a nice evening.
hello and good evening.
the next few days will be a bit cooler with us the weather changes slightly.
and from the north northeast cool air flows into central Europe.
this means that the weather conditions in our country remain relatively calm.
Also tonight cool in the northwest there may be light ground frost, occasionally a few showers in the east and also in the southwest.
and tomorrow the sun will be fairly unfairly distributed.
Most hours of sunshine can be found from the Rhine Main area to the Saarland and then again at the North Sea, where there are even seven to ten hours of sunshine, but everywhere else less.
on the coast only ten to twelve degrees and direction or a few raindrops.
then in the south, however, it will be milder on the Upper Rhine, nevertheless, seventeen degrees are reached there are scattered showers.
and in the southeast in the afternoon again some showers.
the next few days will be a bit mixed, especially in the eastern half and also in the south.
on sunday quite a few snowflakes in the eastern central mountains and the spring warmth so with twenty degrees that remains just far away.
now I wish you a nice evening.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday the nineteenth of january.
a little low over the north sea that moves to the south brings us tomorrow many clouds in some areas rain or snow.
in the south of germany the sun can show thanks to a light high pressure influence.
tonight it will be mostly cloudy in the west mainly rain, otherwise snow or freezing rain caution slippage.
in the south it remains mostly dry locally clears it also on then some fog fields form.
in southern Bavaria and Baden wuerttemberg tomorrow mostly dry, partly the sun comes out.
otherwise many clouds bringing rain or snow here and there.
the wind blows mostly weakly from different directions near the coast also moderately from the northeast.
tonight on the edge of the Alps to minus eight on the Lower Rhine plus three degrees.
In the coming days it will be cloudy, but mostly dry.
Wednesday and Thursday it rains or snows especially in the south on Friday then rather in the west.
little changes to the temperature level.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday the first october.
Tomorrow, large parts of southeastern Germany will have to do with the deep over the Mediterranean Sea.
the northern strip of clouds of a low near iceland otherwise a high pressure bridge between the azores high above and one high above eastern europe ensures friendly weather.
in the south and later also in the east there may be some scattered rain on the coastal clouds tonight otherwise it will be mostly clear.
also during the day rain is possible in the south and east in places in the north and northwest clouds otherwise a lot of sun as soon as the fog is gone.
the wind blows moderate to moderate at the coasts partly fresh.
values range from fourteen to eighteen degrees on the Rhine to twenty degrees on the day.
on Tuesday the clouds will follow from the west with dense showers.
It is still friendliest in the south and east.
in the eastern and southeastern part of Germany there will be a slight influence of high pressure tomorrow.
to the west an atlantic lowland brings some rain at the same time milder air flows in temporarily.
in the eastern half it is partly cloudy or foggy partly clear tonight.
in the west it rains here and there a little scattered freezing rain is also possible.
during the day mostly clouds dominate the sky in some areas with light rain.
light to moderate wind from south to southeast in the northwest, it blows fresh with strong scattered with stormy gusts.
tonight minus eight degrees on the edge of the Alps on the Lower Rhine to plus six degrees.
with prolonged fog tomorrow only two along the Rhine mild ten to twelve degrees.
on friday there will be a lot of clouds bringing some rain, especially in the south.
in the highlands snow trickles here and there the sun shows up.
rain falls on the weekend, especially in some regions of the western half.
the sun is rarely seen.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the sixteenth of july.
between low air pressure in the northwest and high air pressure in the southeast, moist hot air is again directed to germany.
the high will bring a lot of sunshine tomorrow but on Saturday it will be more changeable with showers and thunderstorms.
later also there as in the rest of the country only partly cloudy or clear.
tomorrow the sun is shining, especially between the bavarian forest and the alps.
also isolated showers or thunderstorms in the west and northwest towards evening.
light in the northwest half moderate to fresh at the North Sea, partly strong to stormy winds from south to southwest.
stormy gusts are possible during thunderstorms.
on the North Sea tomorrow twenty-five otherwise spread thirty degrees and more.
in addition there are showers and thunderstorms which occur more frequently in the southeast half and can be locally also bad weather.
from sunday it gets friendlier again from the west.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Saturday, the twenty-fifth of June.
the clouds of an atlantic low bring us fairly mixed weather tomorrow with quite low temperatures.
at the same time, a branch of the azure high is approaching and will bring more sunshine and high summer heat from Sunday.
tonight there are some showers or short thunderstorms on the way then it clears up in many places before new clouds come in from the west.
from the west to the center some rain falls in the northeast although less clouds but isolated showers.
cool five degrees tonight in upper swabia at the east sea to twelve degrees.
tomorrow temperatures from fifteen degrees in the sauerland up to twenty-three degrees on the high rhine.
on sunday in the southwest then already more than thirty degrees with mostly friendly weather, otherwise mainly clouds which later but more and more loosen up.
the new week starts mostly sunny and hot on tuesday in the northwest partly with heavy thunderstorms.
a high is making its way towards germany.
However, it will not be until Tuesday that the weather will be clear across the country.
Tomorrow, the weather will improve in the south, where cloudy air will flow into the northern half.
also on sunday the clouds dominate in the north half here and there it rains a little in the north fall more frequently showers in the south it becomes quite friendly.
Tonight fourteen to six degrees in the south to four degrees.
daytime temperatures range from sixteen to twenty degrees on the Upper Rhine to twenty-two degrees.
on monday some cloudfields pass through in the northwest it rains in some areas in the south and east it is quite friendly.
on tuesday a lot of sun twenty-two to twenty-eight degrees also wednesday runs friendly with a lot of sun to twenty-eight degrees.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Saturday, the twentieth of February.
a deep over the north sea directs clouds and colder sea air to germany.
There will be snow and rain in some areas.
tonight there will be snow or sleet especially in the east and southeast otherwise only here and there some snow caution risk of smoothing.
during the day sometimes more or less clouds develop in some regions snow showers towards the west and rain.
near the coast, the precipitation may last longer.
there are heavy gusts in places snow drifts are possible otherwise moderate to fresh in the north occasionally strong southwesterly winds.
Tonight, light frost spread across the North Sea to two degrees plus.
tomorrow values from minus one degree in the Vogtland to plus six on the Upper Rhine.
the outlook on sunday will be in the middle with occasional snow towards the west rain otherwise partly friendly.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Saturday, the twenty-second of October.
during the night some clouds move over the far north, otherwise it is mostly clear.
in the course of the night, fog spreads in some lowlands, especially in the middle and in the south, sometimes lasting longer during the day.
at the bodensee on the danube and on the upper Rhine possibly all day long.
plenty of sunshine away from it.
the wind blows moderate to moderate on the coasts occasionally fresh.
tonight at sea five to eight degrees otherwise two to minus six degrees.
frost and frost must be expected.
on the day five degrees in the fog and up to fourteen degrees in the northwest.
sunny on sunday away from the fog.
on monday the wind freshens up which means the fog clears faster.
but besides the sun there are a few clouds.
on tuesday it will be cloudy in the northeast towards west and southwest with some rain.
our weather is still determined by high air pressure.
at this time of the year, this means that fog is spreading and dissolves only slowly or not at all.
at the weekend, the high then noticeably colder air approaches.
in the northeast there are still denser clouds on the way but it remains dry.
otherwise a rather friendly autumn day awaits us.
light in the north also moderate to fresh wind from east to southeast.
strong gusts on the coasts as well as in the southwestern highlands.
from the east, however, it is getting colder and colder and in the nights a light frost must be expected in some areas.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday the eleventh of april.
on sunday a low over the balkans determines our weather with even cooler air and many clouds which bring rain in the highlands also snow.
the new week starts then like the old one ends changeable and cool.
in the western half it will be partly clear towards the east for a longer time tonight, rain will fall in some areas and snow will be partly to lower elevations.
here and there there there is rain in the south also sometimes stronger showers with sleet in the highlands partly still falling snow.
it blows a moderate and gusty northeasterly wind at the east sea it is also fresh.
there as well as in the highlands stormy gusts are possible.
on the edge of the alps tonight light frost in the rhine main area up to plus five degrees.
in the new week little changes to this cool, changeable and partly windy weather.
snow is still an issue in the highlands.
It will probably be friendliest in the north.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the eighth of december.
for southwest germany severe weather warnings of the german weather service are still valid.
Due to the persistent rain and thaw, local flooding is to be expected.
even at night it rains in the south in the middle snow or rain caution because of slippage.
Tomorrow will spread precipitation in the south as rain farther north than snow or freezing rain.
Towards the north it snows heavily in places up to twenty-five centimeters of new snow.
the wind blows light to moderate on the mountains in the south there are gusts.
Tonight five degrees in the southwest and minus eight degrees in the northeast.
on thursday it snows in the alps even longer otherwise snow showers in the lowlands in the west also snow showers.
a strong wind is blowing.
on saturday rain in the highlands in the south and east with snow it is windy.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday, the thirty-first of may.
the low over eastern central Europe determines our weather.
it provides for cool air many clouds and partly productive continuous rain, especially at the edge of the Alps.
otherwise it rains in the night from time to time and sometimes there are thunderstorms.
also during the day it rains in some areas, especially in the south thunderstorms are still possible towards the north sea a few light views.
during the night on the mountains as well as during the thundershowers partly gale force winds during the day then also at the Baltic Sea otherwise moderate occasionally fresh wind.
tonight temperatures between eleven and five degrees on the day eleven degrees on the alps and up to nineteen degrees on the ems.
on tuesday in the northwest half friendly weather only here and there showers otherwise many clouds bring rain.
also on wednesday in the southeast half clouds and rain in places towards the northwest it will be friendly and dry.
on thursday it rains widely in the southeast otherwise much sunshine.
in many regions of germany it snowed today for the first time this winter.
In some places up to three centimetres fell.
the snow is especially in the south as here in the Oberallgäu.
However, winter sports enthusiasts still have to be patient because the quantity is not enough to prepare trails and slopes.
but a first snowwalk is possible.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday, the sixth december.
low air pressure determines our weather.
cold air of polar origin continues to flow in and snow sometimes falls into the lowlands.
It also remains very windy.
in the north there will be showers tonight where apart from rain there will also be snow. In the south half it rains longer in some areas above about four hundred meters of snow.
Traffic obstructions are to be expected tomorrow, especially in these regions.
there it rains or snows even during the day.
farther north sometimes sun sometimes clouds with some rain or snow showers.
the southwesterly wind blows moderate to fresh tomorrow with strong to stormy gusts on the mountains heavy gusts.
on the edge of the Alps tonight minus six on the Upper Rhine to plus four degrees.
tomorrow temperatures from one to six in the cologne bay up to seven degrees.
the outlook on wednesday still very windy many clouds and widespread rain in the highlands falls partly snow.
from thursday temperatures and snowfall limit rise temporarily but otherwise little changes to this windy and changeable weather.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the nineteenth of September.
bipartite weather the high that shifts towards southern germany provides there tomorrow for friendly weather.
the north, on the other hand, is affected by clouds of low pressure over northern europe.
Overall, it remains cool in autumn.
during the night there are showers in the direction of the coasts, also in the alps it rains occasionally.
during the day in the southern half a lot of sun north of the low mountain ranges, the clouds lie closer together towards the coasts falling showers.
from the midday the clouds from the northwest will be even more dense light rain comes up.
in the southern half light wind to the north it blows moderately towards the coast it blows fresh with strong to stormy gusts.
similar bipartite weather also on Monday and Tuesday sunshine in the southern half here and there rain clouds over the northern half.
and from the crisp winter we are still about three thousand kilometers away.
on the other hand, in the southwest of europe, the warmth tends to be fifteen and twenty degrees.
but in the next few days before the start of next week this cold is likely to come from the north east.
and we already have some snowfalls this night in the Alps and in the middle mountains.
in the east so above six seven hundred meters and below it will still be rain.
and in the west we have thick fog fields and therefore tomorrow will be cloudy almost everywhere.
you can expect sunshine in the southwest.
in the Black Forest to Allgäu where the sun comes out.
at the beginning there is still a bit of snow and rain in eastern bavaria and Saxony.
and in the afternoon probably light rain here in the northwest.
here is the temperature forecast for germany.
until christmas around the beginning of next week there will be permafrost.
Well, and that could actually last until Christmas.
I wish you a good evening and do well.
Good evening dear viewers.
this is going to be a great weekend because you can really recharge the autumn sun.
This high pressure area over central Europe will remain until early next week.
otherwise the warm air and the weather fronts of which we do not want to know anything yet, which will come in the middle of next week.
it is a bit difficult always in the morning with the fog fields that then waft around for a long time before all things at the danube at the bodensee so it was also today.
and so it will be again in the coming night these fog fields before all things in southern germany at the danube at the bodensee.
otherwise only flat fog fields in northern germany at temperatures of six to thirteen degrees.
but during the day it will again be sumptuously warm twenty four to twenty seven degrees.
and also here in the Alps or on the coasts twenty-one to twenty-three degrees, in addition to glorious sunshine all day long.
the fog fields dissolve quickly but at the danube and at the bodensee they are probably a bit tougher again.
and so it goes over the weekend sunny warmth it stays dry.
but then comes the change of weather next week and we already experience it on monday in the north.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the sixth october.
Tomorrow mostly high air pressure determines our weather.
the atlantic low also brings back mild air so that the temperatures will not change until friday.
tonight in bavaria there will be rain here and there.
also in the west as well as on the coasts it can rain locally, otherwise partly clear and partly cloudy.
Fog is forming in some areas, which may persist for a longer time tomorrow.
in the west and north occasionally denser clouds appear and bring some rain in places.
otherwise there is a mixture of sun and clouds.
Morning light in the north moderate to fresh wind from south to east on the coast strong gusts.
in allgäu tonight six in cologne bay mild fourteen degrees.
tomorrow temperatures range from thirteen degrees in the Erzgebirge to twenty-three degrees in the breisgau.
Thursday and Friday it remains quite friendly and mild after the dissolution of partly tough fog fields.
Also on Saturday the weather does not change much, but it gets a bit cooler.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the sixth of august.
in southern Germany it rains profitably.
an intermediate high will bring an improvement in the weather for the west tomorrow.
for large parts of bavaria severe weather warnings of the german weather service are still valid throughout the night.
is warned of persistent rain.
there are also thunderstorms.
in the west and northwest it is mostly friendly.
the wind blows moderate to moderate with showers and thunderstorms strong gusts.
tonight at the east sea sixteen degrees in the west partially only seven degrees.
on the day fourteen degrees at the alps twenty-five degrees in berlin.
on Saturday in the southeast and the northwest showers here and there otherwise it is friendly.
on Sunday it is already more volatile.
on monday more sun than clouds and only a few scattered showers.
a low pressure zone that reaches from the atlantic to central europe brings us partly severe rain.
there are corresponding warnings of the german weather service.
There is also the potential for severe thunderstorms in some areas.
in a wide strip from münsterland to brandenburg heavy rain falls tonight, especially in the middle there are heavy thunderstorms on the way.
during the day there is widespread partly heavy rain and showers in the southern half also strong thunderstorms from the north sea in the afternoon it increasingly eases.
heavy gusts of wind are possible in showers and thunderstorms as well as on the mountains, otherwise moderate to moderate in the east, occasionally fresh wind from the west.
eleven degrees tonight in the north to nineteen degrees on the Upper Rhine.
there tomorrow to twenty-three in the northeast fresh sixteen degrees.
at the weekend it remains changeable at least without severe weather.
It's pretty cool.
also the new week starts with more clouds than sun occasionally there is rain or showers locally also thunderstorms.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday the twenty-fifth of October.
the foothills of a low near scotland cross germany tonight and tomorrow.
Mild Atlantic air is introduced.
At the beginning of next week high pressure will prevail in the south and it will remain changeable in the north.
the rain clouds over the west and northwest move eastward.
in the second half of the night it loosens in the west on locally formed fog.
tonight lows between twelve and five degrees in bavaria locally one degree.
the outlook on monday in the south and east dry and partly friendly otherwise clouds and some rain.
on tuesday and wednesday we can expect a mixture of fog, sunshine and some clouds of rain.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the first june.
Low air pressure will bring thunderstorms or prolonged rain to parts of Germany.
during the night in the south and east abundant rainfall between the Baltic Sea and Bavaria partly thunderstorms.
in the south it rains in the morning still heavily in the east still showers in the north and west more and more the sun appears.
showers and thunderstorms are possible, otherwise the wind will be moderate.
fifteen degrees in the east, five degrees in the eifel tonight.
eleven degrees during the day with continuous rain in the south to twenty-two degrees in the lausitz.
on thursday lots of sunshine south of the danube single showers.
on friday sunshine and clouds from the afternoon isolated strong thundershowers.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the fourteenth of july.
again local thunderstorms are to be expected from the west on Thursday night.
Tonight last showers and thunderstorms subside then it is mostly clear or only loosely cloudy.
during the day the sun shines a few clouds here and there.
Individual heat thunderstorms can develop over the mountains.
in the course of the afternoon and evening showers and thunderstorms spread from the west which have locally severe weather potential.
light to moderate at the lake also fresh wind from south to southeast.
there morning to thirty-six degrees by the sea, not so brooding hot twenty-seven to twenty-nine degrees.
on thursday the partly violent thunderstorms will shift eastwards towards the west, it will be friendlier again and not so hot.
Tonight it is still raining or snowing in the far east and southeast.
Rain showers fall towards the north sea.
during the day it is mostly friendly and only scattered showers.
towards the evening it starts to rain here and there in the west and southwest.
the wind blows light to moderate in the west and northwest partly also fresh.
tonight three degrees on the or minus six degrees on the alps.
caution because of smoothness.
on the day seven degrees in the Bavarian forest and fourteen degrees on the Rhine.
Also on easter monday it rains partly in higher altitudes also snow.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow Pentecost Monday the twenty-fourth of may.
from the north it will become more and more cloudy here and there with rain or scattered showers with thunder and lightning.
Towards the south it remains mostly clear.
from the Alps to the southwest, the sunny and mostly dry weather will continue tomorrow.
Otherwise there will be some rain and some strong thunderstorms.
in the south light, otherwise moderate to fresh and strongly gusty westerly winds.
gusts of wind are possible in showers and thunderstorms.
Tonight nine to fourteen in the south under clear skies five to eight degrees.
on the Upper Rhine morning with sunshine until twenty-eight on the coast only fresh fourteen degrees.
it gets a bit cooler day by day, but there are clouds and sometimes sunshine and more and more rain showers or partly strong thunderstorms, especially in the south.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the twelfth august.
the northern half of europe is under the influence of low pressure.
from the southwest, however, a branch of the azor high is noticeable.
Germany is right on the border between these air pressure zones and gets a bit of everything.
in the southeast there will be some showers tonight.
Otherwise partly cloudy, partly clear and mostly dry.
in the north the clouds become denser again and bring rain later especially towards the north sea.
night temperatures between twelve and sixteen degrees.
values range from seventeen degrees in the sauerland to twenty-seven degrees in the breisgau.
Thursday and Friday there will be partly sunny and partly cloudy with showers.
There are also thunderstorms locally.
on saturday there will be some clouds towards the north.
but it remains mostly dry.
in the south the sun often shines and it gets warm in high summer.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the tenth of september.
Germany is still under the influence of an extensive low pressure zone which makes for quite changeable weather.
but from the southwest extends a high which gives us at the weekend friendly and warm late summer weather.
tonight there will be more or less clouds and scattered showers in the vicinity of the Baltic Sea also rain in some areas fog is forming.
during the day a change of dense clouds and some sunshine which can be seen more often in the south.
Individual showers are also occurring more frequently in the north.
in the afternoon there are also short thunderstorms possible.
in the south mostly weak in the north mainly moderate wind from southwest to west.
an spree and ems tonight to thirteen on the edge of the Alps only seven degrees.
tomorrow seventeen to twenty-one degrees on the Upper Rhine to twenty-two degrees.
on saturday the sun is shining in the north partly denser clouds which bring some rain near the coast.
on sunday in the southeast mostly friendly while in the northwest clouds with showers or thunderstorms spread.
the new week starts changeable and cooler again.
Dear viewers good evening.
today the weather was good.
since this afternoon violent thunderstorms on the way even a tornado was already sighted.
and we see it also here in frankfurt sometimes the view is zero.
and in this process these violent thunderstorms have arisen which will move towards the northeast tonight but in the southeast it will remain thundery and there will also be heavy rain.
and this heavy rain will continue tomorrow in part in the southeast also there are still isolated thunderstorms quite locally so risk of flooding.
from the southwest it will be friendlier and move into the northwest during the day again strong showers and scattered thunderstorms.
but in any case you can take a deep breath tomorrow the temperatures between seventeen degrees at the edge of the alps and twenty-four in lausitz are quite pleasant.
and the next few days are going to be quite friendly after a cooler start.
and on Sunday it will be even warmer from the south.
now I wish you a nice evening.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Saturday, the twenty-sixth of november.
the cloud band of a low foothill crosses germany towards the southeast tonight.
at the weekend, further weak low-pressure systems will follow from the northwest, which will not bring much rain.
but the wind is still picking up and can reach hurricane strength in gusts at the East Sea.
tonight the band of clouds shifts to the southeast here and there a little rain that can freeze locally, especially in bavaria.
in the south the day starts partly cloudy otherwise there are sometimes clouds and sunshine and it remains mostly dry.
during the day the clouds in the north become denser again and bring some rain.
light to moderate in the north fresh to strong southwesterly winds with stormy gusts at the sea partly heavy gusts.
in the south tonight again frosty on the North Frisian islands up to plus eight degrees.
very windy in the northern half with gale-force gusts on the east coast.
the new week will bring a calm and dry mixture of fog, sun and clouds.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the thirteenth of august.
in the eastern and southeastern part of Germany, prolonged and abundant rainfall can therefore be expected.
there are severe weather warnings of the German weather service.
already during the night there will be heavy rain locally in the eastern half with lightning and thunder.
to the west at first some showers then partly cloudy and partly clear.
Here and there fog is forming.
also during the day in the east and southeast partly heavy rainfall with some thunderstorms, otherwise there are sometimes sunny and cloudy and occasionally also some showers.
Usually a weak wind blows from different directions.
in the uckermark tonight until seventeen in the eifel only eight degrees.
tomorrow in the persistent rain below twenty on the main summer twenty-five degrees.
also at the weekend mostly more clouds than sun in some areas there will be showers or thunderstorms partly also heavy rain.
variable it goes also into the new week.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday, the twenty-first of march.
the high above central and western europe ensures mostly sunny weather in germany also in the coming days.
the temperatures are rising gradually so that on Thursday in the southwest up to twenty degrees are possible.
the night runs mostly clear in the north partly dense clouds from which it can drizzle a little.
sunny March weather here and there again tomorrow with a few hazy clouds over the north.
the wind blows slightly from different directions at the sea moderate to fresh wind.
tonight four degrees in the north and minus six degrees in the alps.
seventeen degrees per day in the area of cologne and seven degrees on the east sea.
the views also on wednesday a lot of sunshine in the northeast half here and there clouds.
Even on thursday spring weather in the north and northeast is cloudy.
also on friday in the southern half a lot of sun otherwise besides sun some clouds in the north scattered rain.
On Friday it will be colder in the north.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Tuesday, the twenty-fourth of August.
between the deep north and the azure sea air flows in.
Towards the west and north the clouds loosen up in some places near the coast but showers are still on the way.
cloudy during the day in the north with local showers also in the south with showers and isolated thunderstorms.
In between there is a mostly friendly mixture of sun and clouds.
the wind blows moderately to fresh in the north strongly from west to southwest, especially at the coast gales.
in the east and south tonight to eighteen in the west locally only eleven degrees.
on the North Sea tomorrow fresh seventeen on the Upper Rhine still summery twenty-five degrees.
Wednesday and Thursday will remain quite cool in the north and mostly cloudy, wet and windy in places.
on Friday variable everywhere and partly very windy.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday, the sixth of july.
the cold front of a low over england reaches western germany tonight accompanied by partly strong showers and thunderstorms.
Behind it follows cooler Atlantic air in which the weather is quite changeable.
in the northeast and east it clears up partially tonight and there are hardly any showers.
but there are still plenty of them in the south with thunder and lightning.
at the same time new showers and thunderstorms spread from the west.
Tomorrow the showers will shift to the east.
especially in the southeast heavy thunderstorms can form in the western half there are sometimes sunny times clouds with a few showers.
apart from showers and thunderstorms a light to moderate wind blows from west to southwest.
tomorrow temperatures from nineteen degrees at the north sea to twenty-seven in lausitz and breisgau.
in the next few days it cools down further.
on thursday only highs between fourteen and twenty-two degrees.
there are many clouds with occasional sunshine and occasional showers or thunderstorms.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday the fourteenth of march.
the deep over southwestern europe directs dense clouds to us.
during the night also the clouds in the east close as before in the other parts of the country.
and some rain or spray falls in places both at night and during the day.
In the course of the day it gets friendlier from the south and southwest it eases on the rain gets weaker and retreats to the north.
the wind is light to moderate from different directions.
Nine degrees at Ems tonight and three degrees in the mountains.
single digits on the coasts seventeen degrees on the Upper Rhine.
on tuesday in the north and east dense clouds and a few raindrops there it gets cooler and a lively wind blows on the coasts.
in the south and west sometimes sun and clouds.
on wednesday it will be mostly cloudy in the southeast with rain, but it is not as mild in the south and west anymore.
on thursday unsettled weather, especially in the southeast half, with rain and snow in the mountains.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the twenty-fifth of may.
the day after tomorrow we reach an atlantic low foothill which provides for partly violent thunderstorms.
near the coast as well as at the alps there will be clouds with isolated showers.
Otherwise it will be mostly clear tonight.
a lot of sunshine awaits us during the day.
Especially at the coasts and near the alps some clouds appear here and there but even there it remains dry.
light to moderate at the coasts partly fresh wind.
in the north comes from west in the south from northeast to east.
in some valleys of the central mountains tonight temperatures near freezing point in lower bavaria to eleven degrees.
thursday starts mostly sunny before some showers and thunderstorms spread later from the west which can also be severe locally.
on Friday it will be changeable and much cooler but on Saturday it will be a bit friendlier and the temperatures will rise again.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the thirtieth of June.
a cold front causing thunderstorms and rainfall will cross us during the night and tomorrow during the day.
during the night it rains intensively sometimes there are still strong thunderstorms.
Floods are to be expected, especially in the Alps.
on the day it rains in the east half of the day at first still in some areas strong otherwise sometimes sunny times clouds and only occasionally showers.
the wind blows moderate to moderate in the northeast half partly fresh.
Eighteen degrees in lausitz and eight degrees in eifel tonight.
fifteen degrees during the day in continuous rain and up to twenty-four degrees in the far east.
on saturday it rains in the north and east otherwise sunny clouds and isolated showers.
on Sunday it will be mostly friendly in the southwest with more clouds than sun and some rain.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the tenth of february.
a new low ensures that very cold air penetrates into the south of germany.
tonight it snows slightly in parts of northern and southern Baden Wuerttemberg and in parts of Bavaria also moderately.
Also during the day it snows mostly in the north and northwest as well as between the alps and the Erzgebirge.
the wind blows slightly to moderately on the coasts fresher at the sea, stormy gusts and snow drifts are possible.
tonight values between minus five and minus fifteen degrees on the day minus one degree on the ems and minus eight degrees in the vogtland.
on thursday it snows light to moderate in the north, further windy snow drifts are possible.
Also on Friday further snowfalls in the north it is still windy.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the twenty-eighth april.
High air pressure determines our weather.
which moves up over germany further eastwards.
it ensures many hours of sunshine in the morning and warmer air flows to us.
for the weekend we can expect cool and changeable weather.
the night is mostly clear later denser clouds move over the northwest rain will not bring them.
in the daytime apart from some hazy clouds a lot of sun in the south it is almost cloudless only over the coasts sometimes there are denser clouds.
the wind blows weak it comes mostly from south to southwest in the south from east.
tonight eight degrees at the north sea and one degree in the low mountain range in places there is ground frost.
by day fifteen to seventeen degrees on the coasts twenty-five degrees in the southwest.
on thursday warm sunny weather on the coasts will dominate for a while.
towards evening in the west first showers and thunderstorms up to twenty-seven degrees.
cooler on Friday, especially in the south and east, partly heavy and thundery rainfall in the north and west.
on saturday many clouds some showers and thunderstorms.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, friday, the nineteenth of February.
Low air pressure continues to determine our weather.
mostly mild air flows in and at first mostly rain falls.
tomorrow evening colder air will reach us from the west and snow is expected again.
in the north there will be snow or rain showers tonight, otherwise it will remain mostly dry here and there clouds locally it will be foggy.
it can become smooth.
in the south some longer lasting rain falls are possible tomorrow and this rain which can freeze occasionally spreads in the course of the day towards the northeast.
In the evening, some snow or sleet falls again into low elevations.
light to moderate in the northwest, occasionally fresh wind with strong gusts.
during the night light frost spreads along the rhine one or two plus degrees.
there tomorrow to seven degrees in the northeast values near freezing point.
variable it goes then also into the weekend in some areas snow partly also falls into the lowlands.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the twenty-ninth of October.
in the rest of the country partly cloudy partly clear and dry in some regions fog or high fog forms.
On Friday and Saturday, calm and largely dry weather is expected across the country.
on sunday a mixture of sun and clouds.
from the west, but later with a refreshing wind rainfall.
into the night some showers and thunderstorms are still on the way.
but overall the weather calms down and it clears up frequently.
There's fog all over again.
then gusts of wind are also possible.
otherwise mostly light wind from north to northeast.
tonight again a balmy fourteen to nineteen degrees at the edge of the Alps twelve degrees.
with onshore wind at the East Sea tomorrow pleasant twenty-three degrees in the southwest to thirty-two degrees.
little changed on Friday.
at the weekend atlantic low foothills are noticeable with new clouds and thunderstorms which bring us a slight cooling on sunday.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow easter Monday the fifth april.
still determine lows together with cool air our weather.
from the west, however, extends a high to us tomorrow it ensures on Tuesday almost everywhere for friendly weather.
during the night it rains or showers here and there at the alps for a long time.
the snowfall limit drops to eight hundred to six hundred meters.
sunny during the day, occasionally there are showers.
at the edge of the Alps it is still raining or snowing towards the west, partly sunny parts.
in the northwest in the evening some rain.
the wind blows slightly to moderately at the North Sea it refreshes in the evening and brings some stormy gusts.
light frost is possible tonight from seven to one degree with clear skies.
on wednesday it will be mostly sunny until late evening with rain or showers.
on thursday more clouds than sun and rain in places.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the fourth of june.
a thunderfront crosses germany from west to east.
In some places severe weather must be expected, corresponding warnings of the German weather service apply.
Blame clouds of a low moving to Scotland.
in the western and central parts of the country during the night caution against severe showers and thunderstorms.
in the east the night goes clear.
in the west the weather calms down and the sun shows up for a longer time.
twenty-two degrees tonight at the Saale and fourteen degrees at the Alps.
twenty-two degrees on the North Sea and up to thirty-four degrees on the Spree.
on monday in the southeast thunderstorms will also come from the northwest.
It is friendliest in the middle.
on tuesday it rains here and there in the east in the south and thunderstorms in the west are the friendliest.
lots of sunshine on wednesday.
in the southwest it will be a bit friendlier tomorrow.
during the night it clears up in some areas in the northern half, but later heavy rain comes from the north sea.
during the day in the north and east partly heavy rainfall in the middle it rains only here and there in the southwest it is dry and sometimes friendly.
tonight three degrees on the alps and fourteen degrees on the north sea.
fourteen degrees in the Vogtland and twenty-three degrees in the breisgau.
on wednesday times sunny times clouds times rain in the north single thunderstorms and heavy gales.
on thursday variable weather isolated showers in the north lots of wind.
Similar weather then on Friday.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday the twelfth of october.
The high in Scotland will bring sunny and dry autumn weather to large parts of Germany tomorrow.
humid air from the sea, on the other hand, creates fog and high fog in the north and east.
tomorrow in the west and south a lot of sun as soon as the fog is gone.
in the north and east the fog keeps partly tough in places it drizzles.
in the north the wind blows weak otherwise weak to moderate on the mountains strong gusts from east to northeast.
tonight nine degrees on the east frisian islands and down to minus two degrees in the middle mountains.
on wednesday in the northern half high fog in the southern half only partly fog then sun.
also on thursday it will be cloudy in the north and cloudy in the south.
what awaits us tomorrow and now the weather forecast for wednesday the first december.
the strong refreshing wind also causes dangerous snow drifts.
in the middle and in the south many clouds from the occasional snow trickles.
towards the evening heavy snowfall sets in in the south and east.
in the south light to moderate otherwise partly fresh wind with strong to stormy gusts at the lake and on the mountains are possible.
tonight minus four to minus nine degrees under clear skies even severe frost.
Tomorrow it will remain freezing to minus nine degrees.
the prospects of the winter weather accompanies us also in the next days.
with frosty maximum temperatures there are usually more clouds than sun and in some regions also snow falls.
Dear viewers good evening.
today still between fog and high fog but this quiet time of weather is coming to an end.
a storm deep near iceland brings us with a mild southwesterly current very mild air but also some rain.
and in the interior there may also be some snow.
the whole thing runs into this cold air because we still have widespread frost in the south and southeast even double digits minus degrees tonight.
Towards the east there is still some snow at the beginning but also rain at the beginning and risk of slippage.
otherwise rather cloudy and in the northwest the next rain arrives.
and it moves towards the southeast on thursday at the beginning with snow in the mountains and danger of slipping.
But then it will be mild and stormy in the next few days.
and if you would like to inform yourself about the current severe weather situation with us then you can do so at any time either via zdf text or via the internet.
now I wish you a nice evening.
Dear viewers good evening.
many river levels have dropped even further since the weekend and there must be a lot of rain for a long time to replenish the levels.
the driest year or the driest november so far was in the year nineteen hundred and twenty there were just over ten litres.
and so far the november is not over yet it was only four points so almost nothing.
nothing happened tonight except that the fog is spreading again with little visibility.
In some cases, there is even a frost at minus four to plus four degrees.
tomorrow it will be cloudy in the north with high fog and fog in the direction or and also in the direction of the Erzgebirge often the sun shines.
in the sun and also on the Rhine it is possible to reach ten degrees in the south is partly foggy when it dissolves the sun.
in the fog itself it stays very cool and it can also hold itself tough.
on thursday nothing happens on friday or from friday on it will be windy.
there is less fog and some rain there is the emphasis on something that will not change the situation much.
Have a nice evening to you.
after sun comes rain so it will be more the cloudy weather tomorrow at the moselle and not such a wonderful sunshine as we had today.
because a storm low is currently moving over denmark to the east has a cloud train moving it over germany and there it will rain tomorrow morning.
but tonight it will rain slightly so finally from the eifel to about the same and over northern germany a few gusts of wind sweep through the coast.
and then it will not be quite as cold as it is three to six degrees.
but in the south it freezes until tomorrow morning there are again zero to minus five degrees.
and during the day it will be a bit cooler than today usually between five and ten, but at its mildest it will be again at the edge of the Alps with twelve degrees.
there also mostly the sun shines while so in the middle in the morning still light rain falls in the afternoon the rain decreases.
and in northern germany we finally have beautiful sunny weather with a strong westerly wind that brings the fresh clear air from the north sea.
Wednesday will again be warm weather everywhere then Thursday but more rain from the northwest.
and on Friday again sunshine and colder weather from the north.
Have a nice evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Tuesday, the twenty-ninth of September.
also towards the east sea the sun shines in the slipstream of the Scandinavian mountains at times.
in the night it rains in the north here and there also in the middle the clouds become denser it rains but only very sporadically.
during the day in the south it is partly friendly further north many clouds bring from time to time rain.
on thursday sunny times clouds here and there showers and it gets cooler.
on Friday variable weather, especially in the north some showers.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the twentieth of March.
Atlantic lows, however, can occasionally bring clouds, especially along the coasts.
at the beginning of the night there is a little rain or snow at the edge of the alps.
in the north and east, however, a few cloudfields pass by in some regions fog is forming.
Otherwise the sun is shining.
the wind blows slightly here and there from different directions.
Tonight it will be mostly frosty only near the coast one or two plus degrees.
Also in the new week the sun is shining.
after partly still slightly frosty nights it gets warmer day by day.
and here are the weather forecasts for tomorrow, Sunday, the sixth of december.
overnight rain in the eastern highlands initially still as snow.
Tomorrow will be mostly cloudy to overcast and there will be some heavy rain in the west.
until friday the high pressure zone remains stable and brings us a lot of sunshine.
on saturday there will be a little bit more clouds which will also drop a few drops or flakes.
but from sunday it will be friendlier again.
tonight the sky is mostly starry, fog is forming.
In the direction of the coast, however, high fog clouds persist and there as well as in parts of schleswig holstein it can remain cloudy all day tomorrow while the sun shines again in the rest of the country.
in the south occasionally a few clouds appear.
in the northern half weak otherwise moderate in gusts also fresh to strong northeasterly winds.
on the main and upper Rhine tonight zero to plus one degree, otherwise minus two to minus eight degrees.
along the Rhine tomorrow mild ten to eleven in the far north only zero degrees.
on friday still similar weather but on saturday clouds move from north to the center with some rain or snow.
in the south it will be mostly sunny.
on Sunday it will be friendlier everywhere but also a little cooler.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Tuesday, the fifth of october.
from france moves deep to the adriatic and brings rain to the south of germany tomorrow.
to the east the weather will be influenced by high pressure and in the northeast half it will be partly clear and partly cloudy tonight while the clouds from the southwest will become more and more dense.
from the Eifel to the edge of the Alps there is some rain which can be heavy locally.
during the day it sometimes rains more, especially in the south, otherwise it stays dry with a change of sun and clouds.
tonight on the alps and in the Erzgebirge single gusts of wind on the east sea strong to stormy gusts.
in the northeast the wind blows moderately to fresh tomorrow, otherwise light from the south.
in the next few days a mostly friendly mixture of sun and clouds awaits us after fog or high fog resolution.
in the north and northwest sometimes denser clouds appear on the here and there some rain fall.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday the thirteenth of december.
during the day there are dense clouds and sometimes the sun snows a little.
on the coasts snow and rain showers must be expected in the east the sun shines also for a longer time.
the wind is moderate to moderate from the northeast.
temperatures during the day range from minus three to plus four degrees.
on monday in the north and east as well as towards the alps dense clouds from which only a few snowflakes fall but otherwise it is often friendly.
on tuesday it will be mostly dry, especially in the north and at the alps.
on wednesday at the coasts snow or rain also in the south many clouds and some snow.
otherwise it is partly friendly with temperatures between minus five and plus two degrees.
Good evening dear viewers.
we expect heavy rain again in the next few hours in the west.
and tomorrow it will bring a little milder air to the west of germany from france.
but on weekends everything is different.
this frost air comes to central europe.
and then there is snow and above all there is frost.
it stays mostly frost free tonight.
frosts between zero and minus five degrees from the thuringian forest to the edge of the alps.
and in the west it will start to rain heavily in the second half of the night.
this rainy region continues in the morning reaching berlin and eastern bavaria.
and there could be freezing rain in the beginning if the ground is still frozen.
in the afternoon it eases up a bit in the west.
in the east there is the heavy and heavy rain just like in the alps.
temperatures in the eastern half continue to be cooler with four to six degrees.
Tomorrow will be milder in the west.
and then it gets wintry at the weekend.
there is frost, there is snow almost everywhere.
only in the northwest of Germany it remains a bit milder at the beginning.
Have a nice evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the twenty-fifth of february.
high air pressure in the eastern half of germany still brings pleasant weather.
from the west, low foothills with moist mild and very cloudy air are noticeable.
Here and there there there are also a few drops or snowflakes.
but very little snow falls from the Allgäu to the Karwendel, while it is mostly clear in the eastern half.
and there the sun often shows up tomorrow.
in the west there are many clouds but it remains mostly dry.
at the alps some more snow is falling.
in the south the wind blows slightly from different directions north also moderately and on the coasts partly fresh from south to south-east.
on the Lower Rhine tonight plus three on the neisse to minus thirteen degrees.
in the northeast tomorrow to minus two in cologne bay, on the other hand, a mild nine degrees.
on Saturday there will be some rain from the northwest.
from brandenburg via Saxony to Bavaria it remains mostly friendly.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday the twenty-sixth of july.
a deep pulls from the North Sea to southwest Germany.
it provides partly for strong showers.
Thick clouds spread over the western half during the night bringing rain here and there.
in the eastern half it is partly clear.
on the day northeast of the same sometimes sunny and cloudy and only single showers otherwise widespread showers and thunderstorms must be expected which are partly strong.
the wind blows mostly only weakly during thunderstorms there can be stormy gusts.
today after sixteen degrees at the east sea with seaweed and seven degrees in some valleys of the central mountains where it clears up.
twenty-five degrees in the north and sixteen degrees in the alps.
on tuesday sun and clouds in the northeast longer sunny parts in the southern half further showers and isolated thunderstorms.
on wednesday times sunny times clouds here and there it rains some thunderstorms, even on thursday only little changes.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, friday, the twenty-seventh of may.
the foothills of a North Sea deep divert cold sea air to germany.
and so it will be quite cool and changeable tomorrow before a high again for more sun and rising temperatures at the weekend.
in the east and south there are still heavy showers and thunderstorms on the way tonight which can be severe in places.
south of the Danube it starts to rain continuously for a long time.
persistent and abundant rain also during the day in the southeast.
near thunderstorms squalls are possible otherwise the wind in the southeast is weaker in the rest of the country moderate to fresh from west to southwest.
in the night ten to fourteen degrees in some low mountain valleys significantly cooler.
tomorrow at the edge of the alps in the continuous rain eleven degrees in lausitz.
at the weekend the temperatures rise again and it gets more and more friendly.
in the north here and there rain on Sunday only isolated showers.
Monday will be mostly sunny with some heavy showers and thunderstorms in the west and southwest.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, saturday, may the fifteenth.
the low that moves from poland to southern Scandinavia will bring rain tomorrow, especially to the northeast of germany.
another deep pulls across italy to the balkans it immediately to the alps for rain.
Tonight it may rain or drizzle in some areas on the higher mountains.
in the northeast it rains heavily in places after midnight.
also during the day it rains in the north and in the alps there is a little rain in the west in between the sun appears.
the wind blows light to moderate at the sea partly fresh with strong to stormy gusts.
tonight eight degrees on the or and two degrees in the eifel.
on the day eight degrees in the Allgäu and fifteen degrees in the Lower Rhine.
on sunday it rains in the southeast partly apart from clouds also friendly moments.
on monday sunny times with denser clouds and a few showers.
on tuesday a change of sun and clouds with scattered showers.
just as hot at the mediterranean sea and thirty degrees even in finland tomorrow.
a bit cooler in the west, especially over france, there will be thunderstorms tomorrow which will reach us in the night to thursday.
yes as I said tonight nothing happens anymore it is a clear starry sky.
it can cool down again pleasantly in the north to about thirteen to seventeen degrees in the south still fourteen to nineteen degrees.
but from this freshness in the early morning there is no longer to feel during the day, especially in the afternoon.
it will be hot the temperatures thirty-one to thirty-six degrees and only on the east or north coast it is more pleasant.
In addition, the sun shines everywhere in the morning a wonderful start of the day.
In the afternoon the clouds swell up here in the west with the first showers and thunderstorms in the late afternoon.
in the evening the whole thing will slowly reach the center of germany partly with severe weather so heavy rain hail and gusts of wind.
It will then continue hot in the next few days up to thirty-seven degrees again on Friday.
and the next thunderfront will come on Saturday.
Have a nice evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, saturday, june nineteenth.
moist cold air flows from the North Sea to us.
Clouds of low pressure will also bring persistent rain to the Alps until the start of next week.
also during the night it rains at first in the south of bavaria and later in other parts of bavaria and bathing wuerttemberg.
also in the northwest there are showers.
during the day the rain retreats to the alps and the showers in the northwest spread further into the middle in the afternoon there may be thunderstorms.
in the north, fresh to strong winds with strong to stormy gusts at the North Sea as well as at the high altitudes of the northern low mountain ranges, gale force winds are possible.
tonight twelve degrees in the southeast and six degrees in the sauerland.
eleven degrees during the day in continuous rain otherwise only thirteen to eighteen degrees.
on sunday there will be showers and thunderstorms in the southeast for quite some time.
on monday in the southeast still continuous rain otherwise the weather gradually calms down, especially in the northwest this is particularly friendly.
on tuesday more sun than clouds showers are limited to the south in the east rain.
Low pressure systems will bring heavy snowfall and freezing rain tonight and tomorrow.
but not only slippery but also strong wind and snow drifts can lead to traffic obstructions.
there are severe weather warnings of the German weather service.
the sometimes heavy snowfalls are spreading from the west tonight, here and there the snow turns into freezing rain.
southeast of a line southwest of Upper Palatinate it remains mostly dry.
Tomorrow there will be clouds in the southeast, otherwise there will be widespread snow.
in places also rain that can continue to freeze.
light to moderate otherwise strong southwesterly winds in the south.
in the north and west single stormy in the higher mountains also hurricane-like gusts.
in the east and south tonight severe frost in the northwest just below zero degrees.
in the upper Palatinate tomorrow minus two in the breisgau to plus five degrees.
In the next few days it will stay more or less at this temperature level.
there is snow or rain especially in the south, otherwise it remains mostly dry.
Good evening dear viewers.
Summer can be so beautiful.
in the west and south you could already enjoy it today.
this wonderful blue sky like here at mainz.
and it will hit us all because the heat comes from france.
there are thirty degrees.
which will reach us in the next few days.
but from wednesday it will be very humid in the west again, the first rain showers and thunderstorms can occur.
but tonight everything is calm.
We have a few fog fields.
tomorrow morning in Bavaria and in Saxony perhaps also on the North Sea coast.
In addition, the night stays quite mild.
and tomorrow yes the fog does not matter.
the sun is coming crashing away these fog fields.
then it first appears in northern Germany.
but so from münsterland down to hessen maybe also up to thuringia the clouds are temporarily a bit denser.
in the southwest it goes up to thirty degrees.
otherwise it is usually twenty-four to twenty-eight.
It remains a little cooler right on the coasts.
and the whole thing reaches us everywhere on Thursday and Friday.
Have a nice evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the thirtieth april.
the weather is changing.
a deep stretches over the northwest of Germany to the Baltic Sea.
during the night there will be showers and thunderstorms from the west that will reach the east tomorrow.
In addition, cooler air flows to us.
during the night there will be strong showers and thunderstorms from the west in places with heavy rain and gales.
in the daytime it is mostly friendly in southeastern Bavaria otherwise apart from sun dense clouds here and there it rains or showers.
single thunderstorms in the eastern half.
the wind blows moderately to fresh at the east sea with showers and stormy gusts on the mountains.
on the day thirteen degrees at the north sea twenty-four degrees in lausitz.
on saturday in the south and southeast partly heavy rainfall otherwise sunny and cloudy in some places also showers.
on sunday the clouds lie differently close together sometimes there are thundery showers.
Also on Monday unsettled weather.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Saturday, the twenty-second of January.
the high above england retreats a bit and makes way for a northsea low which brings some rain or snow especially to the northwest half of germany.
otherwise only occasional snowflakes trickle down, especially in the east and at the edge of the Alps.
in the north and west tomorrow mostly cloudy or foggy cloudy in some places rain or snow.
the sun can be seen mainly in the east and south.
there is a light to moderate wind blowing from different directions in the southwestern highlands, partly with strong to stormy gusts.
on the edge of the Alps tonight severe frost in the emsland up to plus two degrees.
It will remain frosty there until six degrees above zero in the southeast tomorrow.
on sunday in the south in the middle and in the north partly rain partly snow.
in the new week the clouds drop again a little more in the north and west rather rain otherwise mostly snow.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday the twenty-second of november.
a hurricane low that moves from the atlantic to england also causes violent turbulence for us.
Rain clouds are also coming tonight and with that the friendly high pressure weather is over for the time being.
Tonight the clouds will thicken in the northwest and rain will fall in some areas.
in the southeast half, apart from clouds and local fog fields, the stars are also visible.
the rain is moving towards the southeast tomorrow where the sun can be seen.
zero degrees tonight on the edge of the Alps mild twelve degrees on the Lower Rhine.
there tomorrow to fifteen otherwise temperatures between nine and fifteen degrees.
It will be very windy on Monday with some heavy gusts across the country.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday, the fifth of october.
from the atlantic a new storm low is brewing which will bring rain and stormy winds to the northern half of germany tomorrow.
Towards the south it becomes much friendlier under the influence of high pressure.
Rain clouds move in from the west towards tomorrow and spread over the northern half during the day.
in the south it hardly rains and there the sun shows up more often.
in the north there are later clouds and only isolated showers.
the wind blows moderately to fresh in the northern half occasionally strong with the danger of heavy gales.
at the Baltic Sea and on the mountains hurricane-like gusts.
tonight four degrees in vogtland to eleven degrees on the north sea.
in the south with sunny mornings eighteen to twenty-two in the extreme north fresh thirteen degrees.
on saturday in the south quite friendly otherwise many clouds and occasionally rain on the coast also thunderstorms.
on Sunday, the sun shows up more often.
Monday also begins in a friendly way.
later rain is coming from the west.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the eighteenth of February.
a deep that hikes from france to the north sea brings us milder air and many clouds.
and they let snow or rain fall from time to time which can cause dangerous slippage on frozen ground.
in the rest of the country precipitation in the north it is mostly snow, otherwise partly rain freezes locally.
in some high altitudes as well as near the coast there is snow and towards the west it loosens up again later and it becomes partly quite friendly.
a moderate wind blows from south to southwest in the west towards evening with strong gusts.
northeast of the same tonight to minus seven on the Upper Rhine plus two degrees.
there tomorrow until eight in the north and east partly just above zero degrees.
on friday, mainly in the south and southeast, widespread rain in the highlands partly snows.
on the weekend it will remain variable in some regions, snow will fall in the lowlands also rain.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Monday, the twenty-sixth of april.
Tonight, showers will spread from the west, some of which will be heavy and locally accompanied by lightning and thunder.
in the east it will remain dry and partly clear for a longer time but also there, as in the rest of the country, rain showers and thunderstorms must be expected tomorrow.
it blows mainly a moderate westerly wind in showers and thunderstorms it partly refreshes vigorously on also gusts of wind are possible.
tonight mild twelve degrees in the emsland on the or just a cool five degrees.
there morning to twenty-two degrees in the north fresh twelve to fifteen degrees.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the twenty-third of march.
the high above the UK ensures that the mostly sunny weather continues.
but from the coasts a few cloudfields move up with considerable rain but only on friday in the north have to be reckoned with then also the temperatures decrease there.
a lot of sunshine during the day in the west and south with only a few hazy clouds in the north and east, the clouds move even further south on the north side of the Erzgebirge a few drops of rain.
the wind blows light to moderate at the east sea it blows fresh to strong.
tonight five degrees on Rügen and minus four degrees in the alpine valleys.
on the day eight degrees with onshore wind in the north and up to eighteen degrees on the upper Rhine.
Also on Thursday it will be sunny and spring like in the north and northeast also cloudy.
on friday in the southwest half more sunshine, otherwise the clouds increase and it rains a bit in places.
on Saturday partly dense clouds partly clearing up it must be expected in some areas with rain or snow showers.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the second of february.
Low pressure systems divert snow and freezing rain from the northwest to Germany.
since milder air also flows in, snow is no longer an issue from friday.
in the south it gets friendlier again under light high pressure influence.
Snow and freezing rain will spread from the north west tonight, making it dangerously slippery, according to severe weather warnings issued by the German weather service.
Also tomorrow many clouds in the east and southeast with light snowfall or freezing rain.
in the afternoon it eases up here and there but in the evening the rain comes again from the North Sea.
in the south weak in the north moderate to fresh wind on the coasts strong to stormy gusts.
in the east and south tonight partly severe frost in north friesland a degree above zero.
tomorrow on the Danube minus five in emsland to plus five degrees.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday, the first of march.
but because still quite cold air from the east flows in, the temperatures remain relatively low despite the sun.
in the northwest as well as from Baden to the alps there are some clouds tonight but it stays mostly dry.
Otherwise it is clear in many regions fog is forming.
the day starts partly sunny partly cloudy with high fog later the sun will spread.
in the northwest and in the very south it remains cloudy in some places.
under clear skies tonight in many places light frost in the emsland as well as in the breisgau one or two plus degrees.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the twelfth of September.
in the southeastern half of germany the sun is still shining tomorrow thanks to the influence of high pressure.
Meanwhile, a low pressure system over the North Sea is bringing back rain clouds and cooler air.
these clouds are already over the northwest tonight and bring some rain locally.
Towards the east and south it is clear or only partly cloudy in places fog forms.
stormy gusts are possible otherwise the wind blows light to moderate from different directions.
in the southeast tonight five to nine in the northwest mild fourteen to fifteen degrees.
There it will remain coolest tomorrow with seventeen degrees on the Upper Rhine up to twenty-six degrees.
on monday, especially in the east and south still rain otherwise it will slowly become friendlier again.
On Tuesday there will be intermittent rain and windy conditions in the northern half.
Towards the south mostly friendly and dry.
on wednesday variable and especially near the coast very windy weather.
the deep over eastern central Europe ensures that it rains abundantly.
The southeastern part of Germany is also affected, where heavy rainfall can accumulate until Thursday.
simultaneously, from the west, high air pressure gradually prevails.
on the day in the southeast half further rainfall which becomes stronger during the day and then from the ore mountains to the alps in part yields.
on the day ten degrees in continuous rain and twenty-two degrees on the Lower Rhine.
on friday there is a lot of sun everywhere, only in the alps it still rains sporadically.
lots of sunshine on saturday.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday the thirtieth of August.
tomorrow in the north a change of sun and clouds.
further showers or thunderstorms develop especially near the coast.
also in the middle occasionally cloudy.
in the south, however, the sun often shines.
light to moderate at the sea fresh wind with isolated stormy gusts from west to southwest.
in the south tonight locally three on the north sea to thirteen degrees.
there tomorrow cool sixteen on the Upper Rhine to twenty-four degrees.
There will be a lot of clouds towards the coast on Monday but hardly any rain.
otherwise the sun often shines at up to twenty-eight degrees.
Mostly sunny on Tuesday.
first showers and thunderstorms towards evening in the west.
on Wednesday changeable and cooler again.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the second of September.
between france and the north sea there is high air pressure over eastern europe turning a deep circles.
During the night it eases over the northeast half partly on occasional falls but also showers.
during the south-west it will be mostly clear until noon.
in the southwest the day starts mostly friendly later it becomes cloudier there too.
in the northeast partly moderate wind, otherwise it blows mostly only weakly.
tonight one degree at the alps fourteen degrees at the east sea.
fifteen degrees on the east and twenty-three degrees on the upper Rhine.
on friday sunshine and clouds in alternation scattered showers.
also on saturday sunny times clouds.
in the northwest the sun shines for a longer time in the southeast half isolated partly thundery showers.
on sunday it is quite friendly and only some showers.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the seventeenth of july.
Tomorrow, another low will take over.
from the west it moves in and steers at its front still very warm air to germany in which it can thunderstorm partly thunderstorms.
This is followed by cool Atlantic air, causing temperatures to plummet on Saturday.
Towards tomorrow it will become cloudier from the west with first showers and thunderstorms.
which spread eastwards during the day and reach in the evening or and tend.
there is an increased risk of severe weather.
heavy gusts of wind or gale force winds are also possible, otherwise light to moderate occasionally also fresh winds from south to west.
tonight thirteen degrees on the edge of the Alps to nineteen degrees on the Upper Rhine.
tomorrow values from nineteen degrees in the eifel to thirty-three degrees in lausitz.
on Saturday it will be cooler, with variable cloudy and partly windy weather.
on sunday the sun is still rare but on monday it is more frequent again, at least in the south.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the twenty-third of december.
tonight there will be fog in places during the night as well as during the day.
in the north and northwest it snows heavily in the area in between freezing rain.
Towards the southeast it remains mostly dry.
in the south and in the middle low wind in the north it blows moderate to fresh strong winds on the coasts with stormy gusts and snow drifts.
tonight four degrees in the southwest and minus five degrees in the north.
ten degrees on the alps and minus one degree in the northwest.
on friday in the southeast half mostly rain, otherwise snow on the coasts it is very windy.
on saturday in the southeast half snow in the northwest here and there sunshine.
on sunday in the east and southeast many clouds partly still some snow.
otherwise apart from clouds also friendly parts it is cold.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the eleventh of march.
its foothill is still above the middle tomorrow.
on Saturday it will be friendly with rising temperatures.
dense clouds shift in the night from the north to the center they bring rain here and there.
otherwise it is partly clear.
in the south it remains in the day quite friendly in the middle the clouds prevail in places it rains a little, especially at the Baltic Sea falling showers.
at night on the coasts and on the higher mountains still heavy gusts of wind.
During the day the wind blows light to moderate in the north, fresh on the coasts stormy gusts.
tonight seven degrees on the Lower Rhine and minus one degree on the Alps.
on day six degrees at the east sea and fourteen degrees in the breisgau.
on saturday a lot of sunshine only in the west and northwest the clouds can get thicker.
on monday partly sunny and partly cloudy in the north here and there rain.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Saturday, the twenty-second of May.
Thanks to a high above northwestern Europe, a mostly warm and friendly Pentecost weekend awaits us.
on monday the weather conditions change again and cooler air flows in from the north in which more showers develop again.
in the rest of the country the sun shines only over the low mountain ranges there is a slight risk of showers.
on the spree tonight twelve in the sauerland only cool four degrees.
on monday dense clouds spread from north with showers especially in the middle later also thunderstorms.
in the south it stays friendly even longer.
on Tuesday partly sunny, partly cloudy and partly showers.
the cold front of a strong low over the North Sea will also cross eastern germany until tomorrow morning.
thereby there are partly thunderstorms.
to the west only isolated showers.
from bavaria to brandenburg tomorrow even more heavy rain in the high altitudes of the alps heavy snowfalls.
seven degrees tonight on the edge of the alps to nineteen on the or.
there tomorrow until twenty-four degrees in the extreme south only twelve degrees.
on sunday partly cloudy, partly sunny and some showers locally also thunderstorms.
on monday in the south quite friendly otherwise still changeable.
Friendly everywhere on Tuesday and again significantly warmer.
Dear viewers good evening.
after the mild weekend also the nature in the eastern parts of the country has caught up strongly, at least the adonis roses are already in bloom.
in addition also partly a bit denser clouds but overall it will hardly rain.
tonight a few drops may fall in the north but to the south it remains dry and partly clear and there also with one to five degrees correspondingly cool.
tomorrow the densest clouds over northern germany over the northeast also hardly any sun and above all things at the east sea also a few drops of strong southwesterly wind.
to the south it will be much sunnier but it will stay dry there so a really pleasant day tomorrow.
the temperatures only on the coast so with fourteen to sixteen degrees relatively cool otherwise at least seventeen to twenty-four degrees even on the Rhine.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Saturday, the twenty-fifth of december.
in the north and northwest it stays mostly dry tonight, partly there are also bigger cloud gaps, while in the rest of the country it snows.
in some regions also longer lasting and productive.
during the day snow will fall in the southeast during the day. In the northwest it will become more and more friendly and it will remain mainly dry.
tomorrow mostly light to moderate northerly wind at the east sea it is fresh with strong gusts.
in the extreme north and in the highlands tonight partly severe frost in the southeast minus two degrees.
Similarly frosty temperatures also on the day minus two to minus seven degrees.
on the second christmas day it gets a little colder with a mixture of sun and clouds here and there some snow falls.
in the new week little changes in this weather.
the storm continues to roar towards russia and the wind decreases significantly.
There are also hardly any clouds at the beginning of the week under increasing high pressure.
besides sun, partly foggy and high fog fields await us again.
in the northern half it is clear in many places tonight, there are still clouds in the middle and in the south where there is some rain.
there fog fields form later.
Tomorrow the fog will last for a long time in the south.
otherwise a lot of sun here under clouds that can be denser near the coast.
tonight at the east sea still heavy gusts tomorrow there stormy gusts otherwise the wind blows light to moderate in the north at the beginning still fresh.
tonight in the middle and south locally frosty with risk of slippage.
on the North Sea to seven degrees plus.
Also on tuesday the fog can be persistent, especially in the south.
apart from some clouds the sun often shines.
on wednesday partly sunny and partly cloudy with some rain.
on thursday even more clouds with more rain in your luggage.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Saturday, the twenty-eighth of September.
they are on the road tonight especially in the south and can be partly still bad weather with heavy rain and gusts of wind.
in the rest of the country it rains in some areas.
in the northwest there are sometimes larger cloud gaps.
during the day it can rain even longer in the alps otherwise it is more relaxed with some sunshine and cloudy with showers especially in the northwest there are also thunderstorms.
then the wind refreshes strongly gusty, otherwise it blows slightly to moderately near the coast also fresh from west to northwest.
in sauerland tonight nine otherwise ten to fourteen at the isar to fifteen degrees.
tomorrow the temperatures range from fourteen degrees in the allgäu to twenty degrees in the breisgau.
from tuesday it will slowly become a bit friendlier and also a little warmer.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the first of september.
the high above Western Europe is shifting further to us.
it brings a lot of sunshine to the southwest of germany tomorrow.
otherwise rather cloudy weather with sunny clouds and isolated showers.
in the west and southwest it will stay dry tonight but hardly any other showers.
Fog is spreading in some areas.
it dissolves, it is quite friendly during the day from the Lower Rhine via the Saarland to Baden wuerttemberg.
otherwise sometimes denser clouds and during the day showers develop in places.
tonight fourteen degrees on sylt one degree on the alps.
there as well as in the southern low mountain ranges ground frost is possible.
fourteen degrees in the Vogtland and twenty-one degrees in the southwest.
on thursday in the northeast half sometimes sunny times denser clouds here and there showers in the southwest half sun and clouds.
on friday sometimes sunshine sometimes clouds sometimes showers in the alps also thunderstorms.
on saturday there will be most sunshine towards the west towards the east, some showers in the southeast and thunderstorms.
Good evening dear viewers.
it is green and blooming so beautifully in germany wonderful weather wonderful sunshine flowering meadows.
and so it will continue in a similar way in Germany tomorrow.
we finally have a sunny high to it from the southwest continue the warm air.
but also over western europe there are a lot of bruises that are brewing and tomorrow we will get close to germany but not yet at the weekend.
yes tomorrow morning the day starts the warm day of this year with four to twelve degrees.
but during the day it gets really warm for all of us.
there are usually between twenty-three and twenty-eight degrees, even on the coasts sixteen to twenty degrees.
directly on the North Sea maybe a bit cooler because the air still comes from the cold water.
but it is sunny all day throughout germany a few denser haze clouds from time to time at the coast.
even on saturday the sun shines again and again.
yes, but on Sunday it will get a bit wetter.
and who is pleased of course the farmers.
Have a nice evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the sixteenth of September.
clouds of a low make it rain in the alps.
also steers deep showers in northern germany.
in the northern half it is raining at times tonight at the lake there are also some thunderstorms.
also in the alps it rains otherwise it is dry in the south.
tomorrow there will be sunshine and clouds, especially in the northern half, showers on the coasts, isolated thunderstorms.
hurricane-like gusts are possible on the North Sea coast at the beginning of the night, warnings from the german weather service apply.
During the day in the north there are fresh to strong winds as well as on the mountains with gusts of wind.
tonight seven to twelve degrees in the day then fourteen degrees in the sauerland and twenty degrees in the upper rhine.
on friday there is the greatest chance of sun in the southwest in the north half showers at the east sea it is very windy.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Wednesday, the fifteenth of September.
clouds of low over northern europe cross germany from north to south until tomorrow evening.
they bring partly heavy rain.
a storm is moving over the north sea it is enough tomorrow afternoon the coast with showers there heavy gusts of wind are possible.
Tonight, heavy rain shifts from the northwest to the center.
Before and behind there are gaps in the cloud cover.
during the day it is friendly towards the alps even longer as the rain shifts from the centre further south.
otherwise sunny times clouds at the north sea later heavy showers and isolated thunderstorms.
the wind blows moderate to fresh with showers in the north and northwest as well as in the high altitudes partly heavy gusts.
on thursday mainly in the north showers there it is still windy on friday sometimes sun especially in the south sometimes clouds with showers especially in the north.
a lot of wind in the northeast.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday the seventeenth of may.
the low moving from britain to germany will cause showers tomorrow in many places.
Throughout the day showers and isolated thunderstorms can be expected from the coast to the east, it will remain mostly dry.
Tonight there will be seven to one degrees of ground frost in places.
tomorrow ten degrees in the alps and up to seventeen degrees in brandenburg.
on tuesday it rains in the south and east here and there otherwise it is mostly friendly.
on wednesday it rains widely in the west and northwest some sunshine.
on thursday it is friendly in the west and northwest otherwise it rains in some places.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the ninth of September.
low atmospheric pressure brings many clouds and sometimes heavy rainfall.
from friday onwards a high is noticeable and from the west it is slowly getting friendlier again.
tonight there will be some heavy rain in the eastern half and in the north, otherwise it will only rain here and there.
in the southwest there are also larger cloud gaps.
in the rest of the country partly dense clouds partly sun which is most frequently seen in the south occasionally there are showers in the afternoon also scattered thunderstorms.
light to moderate winds from the southwest on the coast, it also blows fresh and comes from the east.
tonight seven degrees in upper Swabia to thirteen on the Lower Rhine and in the north.
tomorrow near the east lake thirteen on main and danube in sunshine up to twenty degrees.
on Friday partly cloudy, partly sunny and occasionally showers in the northeast occasionally rain.
On Sunday, rain will move in from the northwest with thunder and lightning.
Dear viewers good evening.
two more really hot high summer days before it gets much cooler from the west for the weekend.
but as I said, tomorrow in central europe the temperature will exceed thirty degrees again and then slowly the cooling from the west becomes noticeable.
and as you can see in the west it is sometimes not even below twenty degrees.
and tomorrow also sweaty temperatures so much drink announced thirty-five degrees partly on the same.
to start the day with a lot of sunshine in the west there are already a few spring clouds.
and from this first thunderstorms can develop until the evening and some of them can be even more violent.
the risk of severe weather increases in any case in the next few days for strong thunderstorms with heavy rain gusts and also with hail.
these thunderstorms will then continue eastwards until friday and will probably reach the eastern half on thursday evening.
and then it gets temporarily cooler at the weekend.
for now I wish you a nice evening.
very mixed the summer weather today with showers but also with sun.
Temperatures were moderately warmest in the Northeast.
and before the last showers have left now in the south comes the next rain and from the northwest also a turn of cooler air.
So new rain from the northwest to the east tonight but it's still clear.
and tomorrow the sun will be shining again in the eastern half.
from the west the rain spreads slowly then first thunderstorms can also be there which intensify in the afternoon.
in the east disappears then also the sun in the northwest it comes out again.
and in terms of temperature it will remain the warmest in the northeast also tomorrow twenty-five degrees there.
but otherwise probably only eighteen to twenty-two.
and the great warming also in the next days not in sight.
above all things in the south changeable weather on Saturday then in the south sun in the north new rain and overall a bit warmer.
and now I wish you a nice evening.
on the other hand, there is a stable high pressure zone which prevents further penetration of the clouds to the east.
in the west and southwest there will be some snow on the upper rhine tonight.
also otherwise there are many clouds but it remains largely dry.
Tomorrow there will be mostly rain here and there, from rheinland pfalz via baden wuerttemberg to the alps.
at higher altitudes it is snow all the time.
the sun can show up most likely in the north it blows a light to moderate wind in the northwest fresh from the east.
on or tonight frosty minus eight on the Upper Rhine to plus three degrees.
there tomorrow mild seven degrees in the northeast half it will remain mostly frosty.
the outlook on monday changes little in this weather.
on Tuesday partly cloudy or foggy weather will dominate and it will remain mainly dry.
on wednesday new precipitation will come from the west.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday the sixteenth of july.
the hot and humid thundery air was pushed away in the south of Germany.
the influence of high pressure is also increasing.
and so tomorrow a mostly friendly summer day awaits us before on friday an atlantic low foothill again causes partly thunderstorms.
tonight there will be some thunderstorms in the south at the beginning, otherwise there will be some fog here and there.
Tomorrow the sun often shines a few loose clouds are also present.
which will sometimes get denser in some areas and can bring isolated thunderstorms, especially in the afternoon in the southeast.
then there are strong gusts again, otherwise weak to moderate winds from different directions.
in the after twelve to seventeen along the spree to eighteen degrees.
near the coast tomorrow twenty-three to twenty-five degrees in the breisgau to thirty-one degrees.
on friday showers and thunderstorms cross us from the west, especially in the eastern half of the country.
on Saturday there will be a drop in temperature with variable and very windy conditions.
also on Sunday windy and changeable but again a little warmer.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Monday, the seventh of september.
over the alps is already a high in the starting holes that tomorrow the weather in the south determines.
from tuesday it will be friendly throughout germany and once again it will be summery warm.
the night is mostly clear in the south otherwise it is cloudy.
in the morning it rains in the northwest here and there during the day over the north dense clouds.
in places it rains a bit also otherwise some clouds pass through in between also sunshine.
It is friendliest in the south.
seventeen to twenty degrees in the day in the north with the sun twenty to twenty-six degrees.
on Tuesday sunny twenty-two to twenty-eight degrees.
Also on wednesday it is still friendly with a lot of sunshine and mostly loose clouds.
on thursday it stays with the rather friendly weather.
Here and there there there are also denser clouds.
Good evening dear viewers.
showers and thunderstorms after the hot days the announcements of a change of weather.
which we have at the moment because it is getting cooler now the air is getting drier again.
this low from the north sea with storm and rain is moving further east.
and so it remains quite windy during the day still the wind from the southwest with some rain showers at the coasts.
but otherwise we have a friendly day ahead of us with sun and clouds.
and only south of the danube up to the alps and the black forest we have to expect some showers and thunderstorms.
it is definitely cooler than today it is usually still eighteen to twenty-four degrees.
it will be warmest in the east and in the south again but the air is much more pleasant than yesterday and still today.
and on Friday yes there it is quite similar to tomorrow.
I wish you a good evening and do well.
Dear viewers good evening.
a suitable picture for today a perfect day to generate electricity from solar energy.
and the conditions will remain good over the next few days.
already today hardly any clouds in the sky and especially on the coasts already a little warmer.
the weather situation remains stable high above central europe but where you are always looking for the sun in the southwest and also in the southeast the lows bring changeable weather.
with us gradually the nights a bit milder but still close to zero degrees today at the edge of the Alps.
and tomorrow there will be another wonderful sunny day.
there are only a few harmless clouds on the way, at most here in the southwest a few thicker source clouds.
and the temperatures continue to climb up to twenty-five degrees in the morning on the Rhine on the coasts also fifteen to twenty degrees and also otherwise spread over twenty degrees.
This will increase in the next few days.
we even get summery values in the west but there is always a small risk of showers or thunderstorms even near the alps.
and it will be similar to easter but it will stay with relatively sunny weather so you can start with quite a lot.
I wish you a nice evening.
from the channel of the sleeves moves up to germany which often provides sunshine in the north and in the middle of the day.
on saturday an atlantic low will take over the weather with clouds and rain.
in the south under clouds tonight mild eleven to fourteen in the north cool two to seven degrees.
Soil frost is possible locally.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Tuesday, the second of october.
the foothills of a north sea low bring clouds and some rain from the northwest.
in eastern and southern Germany it remains friendlier under the influence of light high pressure.
in the southeast it will be mostly cloudy tonight between the alps and the bavarian forest it will rain locally.
Otherwise, the stars may show up longer.
in the northwest there are clouds spreading to the west with some rain.
in the east and south there will be thicker clouds in the rest of the country tomorrow after the fog clears up. Here and there rain will also bring showers to the north sea.
the wind blows light to moderate at the sea fresh and partly strong gusts from the south west.
tomorrow the values range from fourteen degrees in the eifel to twenty degrees in lausitz.
on Wednesday similar weather conditions in the north and west, however, very windy.
on thursday rain or showers in the north also thunderstorms.
on friday partly very windy on the mountains stormy rainy in the northern half.
To the south, it's friendlier.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the ninth of july.
the high above eastern central Europe provides plenty of sunshine in the coming days.
hot partly moist air reaches us.
the consequence of extreme heat and increasing shower and thunderstorm risk.
tonight it is mostly clear only on the coasts a little denser clouds.
the day tomorrow starts apart from a few cloudfields at the coasts with a lot of sun.
individual heat thunderstorms are most likely to develop over the mountainous areas in the west and southwest.
apart from showers and thunderstorms the wind blows weakly from different directions.
twenty degrees in the west tonight and up to ten degrees in the alps.
twenty-seven degrees on the North Frisian islands and thirty-seven degrees on the Upper Rhine.
on saturday a lot of sunshine develops during the day, especially in the northwest half here and there thunderstorms are partly bad weather.
on sunday it will be partly sunny, partly cloudy with some thunderstorms.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the eighth of december.
the storm low over the Baltic Sea disappears to russia.
after a short calming down of the weather, a hurricane depth is coming in from the west and provides especially in the north for storms with the danger of hurricane gusts.
which is currently available in the highlands.
there are existing severe weather warnings of the German weather service.
tonight there will be sleet and snow showers moving eastwards and thunderstorms on the way.
from the west the showers are less frequent.
tomorrow in the east and southeast there will be some showers above about four hundred meters of snow.
otherwise sunny times clouds.
during the night with showers squalls locally heavy gusts in the higher highlands gale force gusts.
Tomorrow the wind will ease before it gets stormy again in the northwest.
tonight minus one to plus five degrees and tomorrow temperatures from two degrees in hof to eleven in the breisgau.
stormy weather with gale force winds in the north on Friday.
there are some showers with sleet or lightning and thunder.
rain falls in the south.
on saturday the weather calms down and on sunday the sun shows up more often.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday the eleventh of december.
In the new week, the Atlantic low pressure system will bring unsettled and windy weather again.
south of the Danube falls rain or snow these precipitations decrease during the night and the clouds get gaps.
in the north a few showers otherwise mostly dry and partly clear.
Here and there fog is forming.
During the day, a mixture of sun and clouds keeps the coasts dry with a few drops locally.
Regionally, even tough fog or high fog fields can persist.
later the clouds from the west become denser again.
in the south weaker in the north moderate to fresh wind from the south.
at the North Sea strong to stormy gusts.
at night light frost spread at the bodensee at least three at the north sea up to four degrees plus.
in the persistent fog tomorrow around zero otherwise one to seven on the Upper Rhine to eight degrees.
Dear viewers good evening.
today there was widespread bright sunshine partly at the north sea like here on sylt.
with fog we were able to gain a lot of experience in the past weeks but the rain did not come.
only in november there was little rain in the far west of germany.
so rain would be urgently needed as we come right now to tonight at any rate spreads haze and fog again and with very low visibility.
the lowest temperatures are between minus four degrees at the edge of the alps plus four on the coasts and also in the west.
tomorrow in the north probably more fog than today direction or sunshine.
and also on the Rhine the sun will shine even at fourteen degrees.
the next few days wednesday thursday bring no change no rain no wind.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the sixth of march.
between the high above the north sea and the low over russia flows cooler air to germany.
Since it is also dry and also quickly comes under the influence of high pressure, a lot of sunshine awaits us in the next few days.
in the north it is mostly clear tonight in the middle and in the south partly cloudy only a few drops or flakes fall.
in the north the sun is shining and also in the middle it is becoming more and more friendly.
tomorrow there will be a light to moderate wind from north to east.
During the night it will be frosty up to minus seven degrees in the Alps.
the outlook on Monday sunny and dry in the south windy.
Also on Tuesday the sun is shining and it is getting a bit milder.
on wednesday rain is coming from the northwest.
in the south and east it remains friendly.
a review of the month of september until today shows in comparison to the long-term mean values that in the northeast and the east of germany partly two to three times the normal amount of rain has come from the sky.
this is really enough but the next rain that will fall mainly only in the west half the east half will be spared.
And it won't be much.
so tonight partly clear locally light ground frost in the south fog fields in the west denser clouds and first raindrops tomorrow morning in the rhine.
tomorrow the sun often shines from schleswig holstein to Saxony, it stays dry while it starts to rain in the west and in the evening it rains from the emsland to the allgäu.
In the southeast it will remain dry and mostly sunny.
the temperatures tomorrow will still be a bit subdued ten to fifteen degrees on the upper Rhine sometimes even the seventeen.
and for the weekend it looks better from the saturday though not quite dry but the sunday should be even really great up to twenty-four degrees.
now I wish you a nice evening.
Good evening dear viewers.
our weather changes again instead of mild southwesterly winds we get the cold northerly winds again.
and this deep exactly over germany which brings us the rain and the first snowflakes in the middle mountains is all decisive.
because the cold air is coming to us from the north and tomorrow it will fall with further showers into western germany and at the alps in south germany only snow will fall.
also tonight more and more snowflakes in the middle mountains it is a wet night before all things so from southwest up to berlin.
tomorrow morning there may also be a small thunderstorm on the north sea watch out that you do not fall out of bed.
it will not be so cold temperatures slightly above zero degrees only in schleswig holstein it can go down to zero degrees.
and tomorrow, well, it will not be really milder than the night.
two to five degrees, it is usually up to six degrees on the Upper Rhine.
in the north looks a bit friendlier on the coasts the sun can definitely come out.
It will continue to do so over the next few days, but of course it will be colder.
in the south there is always some snow and then we have permafrost in the south plus degrees in the north.
Have a nice evening and do it well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Monday, the twenty-third of november.
from england a storm low is moving across the north sea.
it brings us rainfall and because of the strong differences in air pressure in a narrow space also stormy winds.
the german weather service has issued warnings.
tonight the stars may show up in the east while partly thundery showers spread from the west.
Tomorrow morning, heavy rain will also move in from the west, shifting towards the east.
least rain falls in the southeast where the sun can be seen.
in the evening, isolated thunderstorms are possible in the northwest.
heavy gales during the night, especially in the northwest.
They are possible throughout the country tomorrow with gale-force gusts on the hills.
otherwise the southwesterly wind blows fresh to strong.
Clouds of rain and wind will continue to accompany us in the coming days.
on wednesday it will be at least temporarily friendlier in the southeast half.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the twenty-fourth of July.
the deep over southern Scandinavia continues to provide us with cool unstable weather.
only in the eastern parts of the country the sun sometimes appears more often.
showers and thunderstorms fade in the west and south during the night in the northwest and in the alps it sometimes rains longer.
during the day in the northwest half as well as at the alps rain which partly lasts longer in the east, the clouds loosen on the other hand sometimes.
there it remains mostly dry.
Stormy gusts can occur locally in the north and west with fresh to strong winds.
in the south and east the wind is moderate to moderate.
Temperatures at night range from seven to fourteen degrees during the day, twelve degrees in the western central mountains and twenty-two degrees in lausitz.
Also on monday there will be more rain on tuesday in addition to dense clouds and gaps in the cloud cover.
It just showers here and there.
on Wednesday partly cloudy and partly friendly but in the afternoon again showers and thunderstorms.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday the seventh of december.
before we reach a new atlantic depth with its rain clouds tomorrow afternoon, a rather friendly and mostly dry mixture of sun and clouds awaits us.
In the following days it will be more changeable and also cooler.
Tonight the partly heavy rain shifts further eastwards while it clears up from the west.
fog forms in places.
light to moderate wind from south to west in the west, the wind comes to life later with fresh gusts in the mountains and at the north sea.
night temperatures between two and seven on the Upper Rhine to eight degrees.
There tomorrow to twelve otherwise values of seven to ten degrees.
during the following days many clouds and occasionally sunny areas with rain or showers also snow, especially in the southern highlands.
on thursday it will be a bit friendlier at least in the south.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the ninth of june.
humid warm mediterranean air which is then still heated by the sun provides partly violent showers and thunderstorms.
There are still heavy showers, especially in the northwest half.
the initially still partly violent thunderstorms in the east and south subside during the night.
in the east and south the sun shines for a longer time before locally violent thunderstorms develop with strong to stormy gusts.
otherwise weak to moderate here and there also fresh wind from different directions.
tomorrow temperatures from eighteen degrees at the north sea to thirty-two in lausitz.
on Saturday it cools down a bit.
colorful autumn leaves can already be seen everywhere but today also the first big autumn offensive starts.
Temperatures already in the single digits tonight.
and in the cold air there will be some heavy rain at the edge of the Alps at the beginning of some thunderstorms.
and the snowfall limit decreases in the course of the night towards thousand meters.
otherwise there are showers and partly also stormy wind.
It will remain stormy tomorrow.
at the north sea there are even heavy squalls and many showers sporadic thunderstorms.
will be friendliest in the northeast.
at the edge of the Alps it will rain at first.
We will take this unpleasant weather with us into the weekend.
It won't get a bit milder until Monday.
so instead of tshirt sweater wind or rain jacket for the weekend.
Have a nice evening to you.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday the eighteenth of january.
between small low points above northern germany and high above the alpine region, moist and relatively mild air flows into germany also in the new week.
a cloudy mixture of fog and clouds with some rain or snow awaits us.
tonight it is raining or snowing, especially in the eastern half.
also in the other regions there are usually many clouds where the cloud cover breaks, the gaps are often closed with fog.
at the beginning of the night there are gusts of wind in the southern highlands.
light to moderate winds from west to southwest tomorrow.
in the southwest tonight to plus three degrees otherwise widespread around freezing or light frost.
tomorrow values from minus three degrees in mecklenburg to plus six degrees on the Upper Rhine.
during the next few days the mostly cloudy weather will change little here and there some rain towards the east and light snowfalls.
and so sometimes the sun shows up.
Dear viewers good evening.
supercooled and mixed mai which is not unusual.
in Scandinavia is looking much better than here and has been for days.
the cause is this deep here over eastern europe which directs the warm air on the front to the north in eastern europe on the other hand partly causes severe flooding.
and we are on the cooler north-west side and that's it for now.
tonight there will be some showers in the middle and south but it will clear up in the northwest.
and temperatures are in the single digits.
so already a very cool night.
and also tomorrow only on the Rhine and Neckar sixteen degrees will be reached.
otherwise it stays cooler everywhere with eleven to fourteen degrees.
and the weather brings most of the sun in the west half in the southeast in the morning some showers.
partly cloudy in the east and rain in the afternoon.
and also in the western half there are always some showers.
The outlook remains mixed, at least over the next two days.
the low that caused stormy weather in northern germany today disappears in the night towards the east.
from the south, the air pressure is increasing and so we can expect calm and partly friendly autumn weather in the next few days.
in the north there are still many clouds bringing rain in some areas tonight.
in the rest of the country sometimes more or less cloudy and mostly dry.
scattered gale force winds along the coast tomorrow.
in the south light to moderate winds from the south.
tonight minus one degree at the edge of the alps to plus eleven degrees in the emsland.
tomorrow eight degrees to sixteen degrees on the Upper Rhine.
on Friday partly cloudy or foggy.
similar weather on saturday.
on Sunday will be changeable and a bit cooler, especially in the northwest half windy.
and the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday the thirteenth of december.
between the high above Scotland and the low over eastern central Europe cold and partly cloudy air flows to us in germany.
Particularly at the northern edges of the mountains it is still snowing.
Tomorrow it will be sunny and cloudy.
it still snows mainly at the edge of the Alps and during the day in the northern half.
at the North Sea is accompanied by rain.
the wind is moderate to moderate and comes from north to west.
tonight values between minus three and minus twelve degrees.
It has to be reckoned with smoothness in parts.
the outlook on Tuesday it is more or less cloudy.
it snows preferably in the east and south.
little change on Wednesday on Thursday it will be mostly cloudy for a while.
Particularly in the western half it can snow more heavily.
it is partly very windy.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the thirtieth of november.
by the weekend it will be more volatile for us.
in the southeast it will be dry until tomorrow morning but also there it will be cloudy in places there will be fog.
in the afternoon more clearing up otherwise it is often friendly.
stormy gusts at night on the coasts and mountains in the northwest.
in the morning light to moderate wind in the north it blows from time to time fresh on the coasts strong.
on day five in Lower Bavaria and eleven degrees in Baden.
on thursday it rains in the northwest half and in addition it is windy otherwise there are besides clouds and fog some light views.
on friday here and there rain in the southeast it is partly friendly.
on Saturday it rains especially in the northwest half and it is especially windy there.
this is a really critical weather situation that I have to present to you today my ladies and gentlemen.
and with that good evening.
on the other hand but also with icy roads in front of all things along this rain and snowfall area.
especially in the area where the temperatures are around zero degrees and that is about the case this night between palatinate and lausitz.
at the same time the air is still so humid that fog forms in the northwest and southeast.
Tomorrow, at the start of business traffic, it will be particularly critical in North Rhine-Westphalia, Lower Saxony and Brandenburg.
and then from the southwest comes the next continuous rain to the so far fallen thirty litres come again about forty in addition that means there is a risk of flooding.
It is especially critical on the roads when the temperatures oscillate around zero degrees.
and this strip with zero degrees now lies at the beginning of the night approximately between the hunsrück and the vogtland.
until early morning, but he continues to hike north and then also reaches the Eifel and Lusatia.
and tomorrow during the day this strip tilts over and reaches the hunsrück again and here in the east also the spreewald.
And that was it for tonight.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the seventh of january.
an extensive low pressure zone brings us partly abundant rainfall and mild air which continues to cause strong thaw.
there are severe weather warnings of the German weather service.
during the night it rains heavily in places in the north and east, freezing rain can fall here and there.
later the cloud cover in the northwest and south sometimes breaks up.
in the alps and near the coast, the sun will show up occasionally tomorrow.
from the southwest spreads in the course of the day sometimes heavy rain from the north can freeze locally also some snowflakes are there.
tonight partly strong to stormy gusts on some mountains gale-force gusts tomorrow the wind blows only light to moderate.
in the southeast tonight minus three on the Upper Rhine plus seven degrees.
there morning to thirteen near the coast cool one degree.
the strong thaw will continue over the weekend with some rain and some snow on Sunday in the highlands.
The new week starts colder but dry in many places and partly friendly.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday the sixteenth of May.
the high above the atlantic is gaining in importance for our weather tomorrow.
thereby further cool air flows to germany.
during the night it rains in the north and in some places in the alps, otherwise it stays dry.
also in the northeast it rains in places other times sunny times clouds and only rarely showers.
the wind blows moderately occasionally also freshly on the coasts as well as in the high altitudes of the northern and eastern central mountains single stormy gusts.
on day nine degrees at the Baltic Sea and seventeen degrees at the Rhine.
on monday times sunshine times the clouds are closer together here and there showers.
on tuesday sun and clouds in alternation only scattered showers.
on Wednesday it will be overcast with rain for a while.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Monday, the twenty-second of november.
a deep above the mediterranean sea extends its influence to germany at the beginning of the week and brings heavy rainfall in the east and south.
Snow falls tomorrow only in the highlands during the week then also in the lowlands.
During the night it will be mostly cloudy with only light rain locally but later it will start to rain more heavily in the south.
Tomorrow in the south and east there will be heavy rain in higher areas with snow.
in the northwest it remains mostly dry and some cloud gaps are most likely near the coast.
light to moderate in the north partly fresh and strong gusty wind coming from north to northeast in the south from west.
on the edge of the Alps in the morning near the freezing point on the coast to plus seven degrees.
also on Tuesday more clouds than sun and rain in places.
the snowfall limit continues to decrease.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the twenty-fifth of november.
the rain that is still falling northeast of the same tonight is coming off.
later it clears in the south and west on places fog forms.
during the day it is nice in the southern half later also in the east to the northeast but rain clouds are coming.
in the northwest fresh to strong wind.
on Friday and Saturday cloudy, but mostly windy weather.
cooler air flows to germany.
where the cool air masses encounter warmer weather must be expected.
corresponding warnings of the german weather service apply.
Particularly in the eastern half of the country there will be some heavy thunderstorms tonight.
at the beginning of the day it rains in the northeast otherwise sun and clouds alternate with some rain or sleet showers on the mountains snow showers.
the wind blows tomorrow often moderately to fresh with strong to stormy gusts on the mountains and in the evening also in the west.
tonight eight degrees on the or and zero degrees on the alps.
on day six degrees in the eifel thirteen degrees in parts of bavaria.
on Thursday it will be mostly cloudy in the northwest for a while.
on Friday it is still changeable in the north and west, otherwise it is temporarily friendly.
On Saturday, unsettled weather again across the country.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday the 30th of august.
a scandinavian low will bring clouds and some showers tomorrow, especially in northern and western germany.
In contrast, mostly calm and friendly late summer weather towards the south thanks to the influence of high pressure.
Local showers are also possible near the Alps otherwise partly cloudy, partly clear and dry.
during the day sometimes sunny times clouds which are more numerous in the north and west and also bring some showers.
It will be friendliest in the south where isolated thunderstorms can develop near the alpine.
in the south weaker in the middle moderate and in the north fresh wind with strong initially also with stormy gusts from northwest to west.
tonight temperatures from five degrees in the eifel to thirteen on the north sea.
tomorrow fifteen to twenty-one degrees in the southwest to twenty-two degrees.
on wednesday in the north still showers here and there otherwise mostly friendly in the alps single thunderstorms.
thursday and friday almost everywhere noticeably warmer thereby a change of sun and clouds which also have showers or thunderstorms in their luggage.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the twenty-seventh of march.
spring is coming back thanks to the high altitude from the atlantic to southeastern Europe.
the clouds dissolve only in the south of germany the low over france still ensures rain.
during the night it rains between breisgau and southeastern Bavaria in the north and in the middle it stays mostly dry.
Particularly in the east there is fog in places.
during the day it rains in the south between the Upper Rhine and the Chiemgau, partly for a longer time, otherwise there is a lot of sun in addition to spring clouds.
the wind blows weakly on the coasts even moderate.
tonight seven degrees in the southwest and minus six degrees in the northeast where it clears up.
on the day five degrees on Rügen and sixteen degrees in the rhein neckar area.
on monday a lot of sun only towards the coast it is cloudy but dry.
Wednesday starts with sunny spells throughout the day but thunderstorms in the west and southwest.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the seventh of may.
a stable high pressure situation with a lot of sunshine is not in sight.
the weather is still unpleasant.
Snow may even fall in the western central mountains tonight.
in the following days it will be a little warmer and drier.
in the north and northwest there will be some rain tomorrow morning in the middle it will only rain here and there in the south and east there will be some showers and clouds.
at the east sea tonight locally still gusts of wind tomorrow near the coast fresh northeast wind otherwise light to moderate wind from different directions.
in the highlands of the west tonight only one degree in lausitz to seven degrees.
there morning to seventeen degrees in the west locally only seven degrees.
at the weekend and also at the beginning of the new week, the twenty degree mark can be broken, at least in the south.
otherwise it remains variable with rain showers thunderstorms and from time to time sunshine.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday, the first december.
over the southeastern half of Germany runs an air mass border that separates the mild air in the east from the cold air from the northwest.
Therefore there will be some prolonged rain tonight in the eastern half and in the south.
minus one degree tonight at the edge of the alps plus six degrees in lausitz.
on thursday rain clouds spread again in the northwest half and on friday it will be variable everywhere.
Some snow is falling on the mountains.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday, the fourth of october.
the high above eastern europe still determines our weather.
large parts of germany also benefit from very mild air that flows from the mediterranean to us.
during the night it will be partly cloudy in the north otherwise it will be mostly clear.
fog or high fog is spreading here and there, especially in the southern half.
during the day the sun is shining widely a few denser cloudfields can appear during the day especially in the west and southwest.
the wind blows weakly to moderately in the north and east it defends partly fresh and strong gusts.
tonight fifteen degrees on the Lower Rhine and four degrees on the Alps.
by day fifteen degrees on the east sea and up to twenty-five degrees in the sunshine on the lower Rhine.
on tuesday first fog then it is friendly in the south partly denser clouds and rain.
similar weather on Thursday as on Wednesday.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the sixteenth april.
the high in ireland extends its influence further south tomorrow.
this means good weather for large parts of germany.
only in the south there is still humid cloudy air.
Rain is expected in places tonight, with fog forming in the south-east.
Friday starts in some places with denser clouds, but mostly it is partly sunny for a longer time.
cloudier in the south and it is raining a bit.
in the north moderate, especially on the coast also fresh northwest wind, otherwise it blows light to moderate.
tonight values between six and minus one degree on day nine degrees at the sea and up to sixteen degrees on the upper rhine.
on saturday a lot of sunshine at most on the coasts and in the very south occasionally clouds.
on sunday more clouds in the north, otherwise it will be mostly sunny later in the south.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the twenty-seventh of october.
that extends far over the North Atlantic to the east.
it will bring a lot of rain clouds tomorrow.
in the south the calm and dry weather continues.
in the south during the night there is partly dense fog from the northwest, the clouds become denser it rains there slightly.
Most sunshine is between the Bavarian forest and the eastern edge of the Alps.
in the south the wind blows slightly to the north moderate to fresh at the sea also strong with stormy gusts.
tonight seven degrees on the north sea minus five degrees on the alps.
on the day six degrees in the Vogtland and with persistent fog up to thirteen degrees on the Rhine.
on thursday the sun appears more often in the south than in the north.
there it rains or showers here and there.
on friday apart from clouds and fog fields often sunshine only on the coasts it rains sporadically.
on saturday sunny clouds and partly thick fog.
Good evening dear viewers.
we already have a new rain area over the UK and the North Sea, a storm depth that moves to the North Sea and in the next few hours will bring heavy rain to the West before all things tomorrow morning.
and also the first gusts of wind.
yes tonight it is getting clearer and clearer in the east as well.
it will remain frost free in the north and west but in saxon and bavaria it will be slick on the roads we will get light frost tomorrow morning.
During the day it will be a mild day mostly between temperatures six to twelve degrees.
in eastern bavaria is a bit cooler and there the weather will be friendliest because the sun shines the longest.
Later it will be cloudy but it will remain dry.
there may also be showers and thunderstorms and we have heavy gusts during the day over the North Sea of the Baltic Sea and especially over the low mountain ranges.
yes the next few days then changeable first rain.
on wednesday thursday and friday more snowfall snow on the mountains again.
and probably storm or hurricane.
Have a nice evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Saturday, the twenty-sixth of march.
the deep that stretches from Scandinavia to Eastern Europe will bring changeable weather tomorrow, especially in the middle and south of germany.
Cooler air is coming in and it will be coolest in the northeast.
in the north and east it rains here and there during the night, especially in the highlands there may be snow.
in the south and southwest it remains mostly dry.
the wind blows slightly from north to northwest in the northeast it turns to east.
Tonight values between six and minus two degrees.
only three degrees a day on Rügen and up to seventeen degrees in the breisgau.
the views on sunday in the south many clouds and rain in some areas otherwise the sun often comes out.
On Tuesday it will be cloudy, but mostly dry for a while.
Dear viewers good evening.
in Scandinavia, winter has already arrived.
with us the coldness keeps within limits will also keep within limits.
because our weather is coming from the west during the course of the week also brings real storms and milder air and for tomorrow or tonight mainly some rain in the western half.
so tonight but in the east partly clear in the course of the night then some fog fields and in the west here and there some rain.
and the weather distribution tomorrow looks similar to tonight i.e. from the east sea to the black forest and to the emsland partly rain.
In the afternoon some sun at the north sea towards the east more friendly when the fog has cleared and also dry.
and the temperatures are between about five degrees in schleswig holstein twelve on the upper rhine.
and the next few days will be really uncomfortable not only windy but also stormy and rainy for the weekend it will be at least a little milder.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday the twenty-seventh of november.
from monday the weather calms down again under the influence of high pressure.
Tonight in the northern half many clouds locally some rain falls otherwise partly cloudy partly clear.
fog forms especially in the lowlands of the south.
in the north tomorrow many clouds that bring rain in the morning towards the evening reach clouds and rain moselle and main.
south of it there is a mixture of fog and sun also from the northwest it clears up again.
In the highlands, gale-force gusts are possible.
tonight in the south many places frosty in north friesland up to ten degrees plus.
from the North Sea to the Lower Rhine tomorrow twelve to thirteen in the southeast only two degrees.
Monday and Tuesday there will be partly cloudy and partly sunny, especially in the south also fog and high fog fields.
It usually stays dry.
Thicker clouds with rain will move in from the northwest during Wednesday.
Dear viewers good evening.
the weather has calmed down again today and some people will be happy about some sunshine.
the thunderstorms have left.
before the rain finally subsides it comes back from the northwest around the low again and then tomorrow again towards the northeast.
and that means that we are still dealing with rain clouds in the northwest tonight.
Sometimes it can rain a bit more heavily while there are only single showers at the edge of the Alps.
and tomorrow still rain clouds in the beginning over the north so not too much rain.
In the south, however, sunshine and clouds set in early in the morning.
only at the edge of the Alps there may be scattered showers.
temperatures for the most part even below twenty degrees only on the Rhine it is just above that.
it will be a bit warmer on the weekend saturday with the friendliest day of rain that will probably come in the evening.
on sunday or sunday you have to say it will rain more and on monday it will be cooler again.
Happy evening to you and goodbye.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Saturday, the twenty-ninth of August.
a low above the north sea brings in cooler air which will spread throughout germany tomorrow.
the north and west will have thicker clouds with showers and thunderstorms.
Further south, high pressure is making itself felt again.
tonight there will be some heavy thundery showers in the northwest near the coast as well as in the southeast.
in the rest of the country it clears up partially.
Tomorrow there will be some showers or short thunderstorms in the north and west.
Near the Alps it can rain a bit.
otherwise it will be quite friendly and it will remain largely dry.
on monday it will be warmer and friendlier in the north.
Good evening dear viewers.
it will be a mostly sunny day again tomorrow.
and pleasantly warm in central europe it will also temperatures around twenty-five degrees.
otherwise usually between thirteen and fifteen degrees in the north and west.
and the sky is only partly cloudy or starry.
so tomorrow morning the sun can shine everywhere maybe the clouds in the northeast are a bit denser in the beginning.
and in the afternoon there are some thunderstorms in the alps.
also in the northwest and the clouds in the afternoon.
it will start to rain on the north sea in the emsland later also on the lower Rhine but probably only in the late afternoon.
and only a weak southwesterly wind blows.
it will be a little warmer than today also directly on the coasts it is twenty-one to twenty-three degrees.
otherwise usually twenty-five to twenty-nine degrees.
It doesn't quite stay that way.
It will be wetter in the next few days with showers and thunderstorms.
and especially things like that on thursday there can be heavy rain again in bavaria maybe even with floods.
a small deep that shifts to schleswig holstein brings snow to the north.
another deep over france touches the far west of germany.
during the night the clouds dominate sporadic snow showers in the vicinity of the north sea.
in the north moderate wind on the coasts fresh wind with strong to stormy gusts otherwise the wind is weak.
tonight minus two degrees at the north sea and minus fifteen degrees at the alps.
day minus seven degrees at the edge of the Alps and plus one degree at the Baltic Sea.
also on Saturday the clouds prevail and it snows a little.
similar weather then also on Sunday where it snows quite widely and it gets very windy.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Friday, the twenty-ninth of October.
between the high that stretches from the western Mediterranean to the Balkans and one deep over the North Atlantic, mild and tomorrow also quite dry air flows to us.
It will be mostly sunny.
during the night it rains a little bit in the north otherwise it is partly clear in places fog.
during the day the sun mostly shines apart from some fog or high fog fields.
only in the north there especially at the coasts partly denser clouds but it remains largely dry.
in the south the wind blows weak otherwise weak to moderate at the sea also fresh.
tonight nine degrees in north friesland to minus two degrees at the alps.
on day eleven to eighteen degrees with prolonged fog it is cooler.
on Saturday it will be cloudier from the west but only scattered rain.
in the east and southeast it remains mostly friendly away from fog fields.
on Sunday and Monday it will be cloudy, but mostly dry for a while. During the day variable cloudy and foggy weather will dominate.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Monday, the twenty-seventh of September.
low air pressure continues to determine our weather and especially in the east and north there will be even more abundant rain.
the severe weather warnings of the german weather service are valid until tomorrow noon.
most of the rain falls tonight from sachsen via brandenburg to the north sea.
in the southwest sometimes cloudy sometimes clear locally fog develops.
in the second half of the night the rain from the east gets even more intense and shifts slowly into the middle tomorrow.
south of the main there is a mixture of sun and clouds with isolated showers that develop mainly towards the black forest and the bodensee.
the westerly wind blows slightly to moderately in the northeast half also fresh towards the coasts strong with single gusts at the east sea.
in the south tonight local ground frost in the northeast mild fourteen degrees.
there tomorrow to seventeen in continuous rain only a cool eight to ten degrees.
on Tuesday, especially in the east and south, rain will still fall towards the west and the sun will also get a chance in the northwest.
on wednesday it will be a bit friendlier before rain comes from the west again during thursday.
Quiet sunny and mild autumn weather this week.
only at the edge there are such small disturbances as for example this deep that will pass over the alpine region tomorrow in the south in italy and over the balkans will bring heavy showers and thunderstorms and also the south of germany will get some rain from it.
it arrives today to the southwest but otherwise it will be a quiet night with fog fields of high fog remnants in the east or starry skies and low temperatures between six degrees in the eastern central mountains and mild fourteen degrees even on the upper Rhine.
Tomorrow it will be a very friendly day in the north with partly cloudy fields but the weather character remains friendly.
there is more sun from the east sea to the ore mountains but also a strong southeasterly wind.
only to the south the clouds will get denser and south of the Danube it will rain occasionally.
in the southwest will be dry again.
and the next days look similar except on thursday in the north a few drops of rain.
but October could not really start better.
I wish you a good evening and goodbye.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the tenth of june.
over southern germany a small low has formed which crosses us until tomorrow evening towards the north.
the thunderstorms are spreading from the southwest tonight.
there is locally heavy hail and gale force winds.
in the east and south it calms down later and it can clear up in certain areas.
during the day there are some strong showers and thunderstorms, especially in the north.
otherwise mostly light to moderate wind from different directions.
today after twelve degrees in the Allgäu to twenty on the spree.
on the sea morning twenty to twenty-one on the isar to thirty-four degrees.
Also on Friday local severe weather is possible with more than thirty degrees.
from saturday it gets cooler again and the weather calms down slowly.
because this highly kuno that brought us a lot of sunshine today.
And tomorrow will be even sunnier and even warmer with us before the next deep freeze arrives.
but that really only touches the west for the time being, we need not be afraid of that.
Perhaps we should be afraid of the ground frost this night because in bavaria the temperatures often drop to zero to minus two degrees and also in the air.
The night remains milder in the northwest.
often the stars sparkle and the wind blows only weakly from southeast directions.
because when the sun goes down it can be enough for a few splashes of rain in the west.
and the temperatures will be great anyway if you like warmth.
because in West Germany the values rise to twenty even to twenty-two degrees on the Upper Rhine and only here at the East Sea it remains cooler with thirteen degrees.
In the next few days it will be cloudy but we do not have to do without the sun completely and the little rain we still get around.
Have a nice evening.
Good evening dear viewers.
heavy rain strong thunderstorms keep us in the next hours still in breath severe weather are on the way before all things over southern Germany.
this chain here continues to move eastwards and northeast the heavy rain in the west continues to move northwards in the next few hours as there may still be some very heavy thunderstorms.
we expect that you will also reach eastern bavaria saxon thuringia the heavy rain in the second half of the night before all things on the north sea coast there the wind is currently increasing.
we are expecting gales from the northeast.
and in the afternoon also the rain decreases in northern germany but we have a strong to stormy northerly wind at the northsea coast and again rain showers and thunderstorms at the edge of the alps which can become more violent in the evening.
very strong the temperature differences warm again in the east up to twenty degrees or otherwise cool in Bavaria in the northwest half of Germany with eight to ten degrees.
thursday most beautiful probably here in northern germany and until saturday actually hardly any change many showers little sun.
Have a nice evening and do well.
Dear viewers good evening.
the weather hardly allows us a breather at the moment.
Tomorrow it can be violent again, we have strong temperature and air mass contrasts over western europe and partly also over germany.
In addition, a low that brings these contrasting air masses together will bring heavy rain and just as violent thunderstorms.
everything else remains calm.
and tomorrow it will rain in the coastal area, but then the rain will intensify towards the middle mountains and will be interspersed with thunderstorms.
the potential for severe weather is great for heavy gusts of storm hail also tornadoes cannot be excluded in these strong contrasts.
and the weekend there the friday in the south will be still thundery otherwise it will be quite mixed and also cooler again.
Dear viewers good evening.
next week it will be milder before the winter starts again with heavy snowfalls and rain.
tonight the snow retreats more and more towards the south, partly clearing up.
in the northwest near zero degrees and there it starts snowing tomorrow morning partly but also rain or freezing rain.
There is a risk of icy conditions.
the rain and snowfall area tomorrow morning between schleswig holstein and lower rhine and you can see it starts partly with rain or freezing rain.
and in the course of the day it gets more and more snow and this snow reaches the southeast in the evening.
Five to twenty centimetres of fresh snow is possible.
there may be snow drifts due to this strong and gusty wind.
before the snowfall, it will remain dry in the east and especially in the southeast for the longest time and also reasonably friendly.
but frosty everywhere only in the far west also slight plusdegrees.
it will stay wintry at the weekend and there will always be a bit of snow.
and at the same time it remains largely cold.
i wish you a nice evening and get through the winter weather.
the sunny weather moves to russia but tomorrow in the east and southeast of germany there will be some nice weather.
to the west there will be low clouds including some rain.
In addition, cooler air flows into the country again and temperatures drop.
tonight it will be cloudy in the west from the saarland to the emsland. Otherwise the sky will stay mostly clear.
the light to moderate southeasterly wind will turn to northwest to north tomorrow.
on the edge of the Alps it will be slightly frosty on the Lower Rhine tonight under clouds up to plus ten degrees.
in lausitz tomorrow up to twenty degrees on the north sea, the cooler air is already noticeable there ten degrees.
in the next few days it will be cooler in peuapeu with some sunshine and clouds bringing some rain here and there.
germany is located between a high above the atlantic and low air pressure over eastern central europe.
our weather will continue to be cold and humid.
Tomorrow the wind is only slightly blowing from different directions.
tonight minus two degrees at the Baltic Sea and minus seventeen degrees at the edge of the Alps.
on the day minus five degrees in the highlands as well as zero degrees on the Lower Rhine and East Sea.
on tuesday in the northwest some snow otherwise partly sunny partly cloudy or fog it will be dry.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the twenty-eighth of july.
one deep pulls off the next but sends us already during the night new rain clouds.
and they cross us from west to east until tomorrow evening.
Sunny high pressure weather is still not in sight.
in the east tomorrow still friendly while from the west to the partly heavy rain spreads locally with lightning and thunder.
in the west in the afternoon again more friendly towards the evening the rain also reaches or and tends.
eight degrees tonight at the edge of the alps to seventeen degrees at the east sea.
in lausitz in the morning sun until twenty-six in the sauerland under rain clouds only eighteen degrees.
the changeable and only moderately warm weather accompanies us also in the following days.
on saturday it will be a bit friendlier at least in the south and the temperatures will reach summery level again.
after the showers and thunderstorms this afternoon, there are also last showers this night at least in schleswig holstein.
but mostly the sky is clear and the temperatures drop to freezing point in the middle mountains which means we are threatened with ground frost.
Tomorrow the temperatures will be quite pleasant again.
We usually expect highs between eighteen and twenty-five degrees.
and only in northern Germany it remains cooler especially cool on the coasts of the east and the north sea with only fourteen degrees.
and this is still due to the strong and stormy westerly wind which also drives some cloud fields over northern Germany.
at most in the afternoon there are a few spring clouds at the edge of the Alps.
and then Thursday comes and it's all about it.
because first it gets muggy and warm again, the temperatures rise to thirty degrees.
but then strong thunderstorms come from the west and afterwards it gets much cooler.
on friday the temperatures are only between fourteen and twenty-one degrees and even if on saturday the sun shines more often the temperatures change little for the time being.
That was it for tonight.
the weekend will be sunny my ladies and gentlemen.
and with that good evening.
but first I would like to draw your attention to these two depths over northern europe.
the best chances for sunshine are tomorrow in southern germany when fog and high fog have dissolved.
in the north, on the other hand, it is cloudy and in the gusty west wind there is even some rain on the North Sea coast.
The weekend will be really sunny apart from some foggy fields and denser clouds on the coast and also warm in late summer.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the seventeenth of february.
in the eastern half of germany there will be a mixture of clouds, fog and sun tomorrow.
Towards the west low pressure areas are noticeable with milder air but also many clouds bringing some snow or partly freezing rain.
Tonight it will stay mostly dry.
in the southwest, however, new clouds move again and towards tomorrow there will be light snowfall or freezing rain in places.
there is an increased risk of smoothing.
weaker in the north temperate on the coasts also fresh winds from southeast to east.
in the night again everywhere freezing cold under clear skies partly double digits minus degrees.
northeast of the same tomorrow minus three in the breisgau to plus six degrees.
on Thursday mostly cloudy weather.
In some areas there will be rain and in the north there will be snow.
also on friday rain here and there in the highlands partly snow.
wintry it goes into the weekend.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday, the twenty-eighth of February.
in the course of the day morning it dissolves low over the netherlands.
After that a high pressure zone is formed between azores and russia, which ensures drier weather.
In the middle of the week it is getting sunnier in germany.
during the night it rains mainly south of the danube and in the west of northrhine westphalia in higher altitudes it snows.
during the day it rains or drizzles mainly in the morning in the west as well as south of the danube.
the wind blows light to moderate on the coasts occasionally also fresh.
tonight plus four degrees on the lower rhine and minus four degrees where it clears up.
on the day zero degrees on Rügen and nine degrees in the rhein main area.
on Tuesday dry high pressure weather in the north and northwest will bring cloudy or foggy weather for a time.
on wednesday after fog a lot of sunshine no change of weather on thursday once the fog is gone a lot of sunshine.
Atlantic low pressure systems will bring widespread snowfall tonight and tomorrow.
the whole is accompanied by a partly lively south to west current.
that brings us strong winds and also milder air in which the snow will increasingly turn into rain in the next few days.
the snowfalls are spreading from the west tonight, it is snowing more heavily in places.
Tomorrow, snow will continue to fall in the west and in the middle.
Snow drifts must be expected, especially in mountainous areas.
in the eastern half tonight minus ten to minus eighteen on the Moselle minus four degrees.
on the Upper Rhine tomorrow plus three in the northeast still minus eight degrees.
the milder air spreads further northwards in the next few days.
in the north there is usually snow at first, otherwise there is increasing rain which can freeze and make for dangerous slippage.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the 6th of july.
the foothill of a low that moves to islands reaches us tomorrow from the west.
it brings showers and thunderstorms.
next to it there are also friendly sections and it is warm.
once the last showers have subsided in the southeast it will be dry during the night.
at first it is friendly in many places.
from the west to the middle of the morning there will be some showers and thunderstorms in the far east.
in the areas in between partly heavy thundershowers spread in the afternoon.
the wind blows weak to moderate with showers and thunderstorms there can be stormy gusts.
Tonight temperatures will be between nine and sixteen degrees.
twenty-one degrees in the far west and twenty-eight degrees in lusatia and parts of bavaria.
on Thursday it will be partly cloudy, partly sunny.
in the south and southeast some heavy showers and thunderstorms can be expected during the day.
in the northeast half it is mostly cloudy tonight in schleswig holstein it starts to rain.
In the north and northeast, many clouds will persist tomorrow, especially to the northeast.
In addition, a weak, partly moderate south-westerly wind is blowing near the coast.
tonight minus one degree in the Allgäu to ten degrees in the north.
tomorrow mild eighteen degrees in the breisgau on the east sea only nine degrees.
with prolonged fog even cooler.
on thursday little changes in this weather.
on Friday and Saturday quite mild and mostly dry autumn weather everywhere.
is slowly retreating to the east.
from the west flows in moist air in which some sometimes violent showers and thunderstorms can form.
in the east it remains friendly for the time being.
during the night thunderstorms must be expected in the western half which can be severe at first.
sunny times and clouds during the day.
here and there but also heavy showers and thunderstorms.
in the east the sun shines most often in the morning.
Twenty degrees in the northwest tonight.
in places ten degrees in the south.
on the day twenty-one degrees in the eifel.
Thirty degrees at the hall.
on sunday sun and clouds alternating.
Particularly in the western half and in the south partly also showers and thunderstorms.
in the east it is dry.
on monday widespread showers and thunderstorms which can be severe.
in the west it is friendlier.
showers on Tuesday, especially in the south and east.
Good evening dear viewers.
but in the west the thunderstorms have already passed through.
there was a wonderful sunset.
Other than that, there's a lot more to come this night.
the thunderstorms this afternoon over the west now a real thunderstorm return across germany down to the alps.
and then in the middle of germany yes kassel it is fulda already long gone now it is heading for the thuringian forest towards erfurt.
and in southern germany it is not that heavy but at least we have now crossed the bodensee and we are heading towards ulm with the next thunderstorm.
And then they move across Germany tonight.
and will hang up a bit tomorrow morning in the east still showers and thunderstorms also on the alps.
but in the afternoon the whole thing will be moved away, the sun will come out more friendly.
and the air is also pleasant with the fresh west wind and above all a little cooler.
in the west there are only twenty-two to twenty-six degrees in the southwest again to thirty degrees.
It is really hot and humid only in the east up to thirty-three degrees.
but unfortunately it is getting hotter again.
on friday hardly any thunderstorms then on saturday a new thunderfront with thunderstorms.
and behind it comes the relaxation that is now enduring again.
I wish you a good evening and do well.
thaw flood ice and snow.
winter is really pulling out all the stops at the moment.
Good evening to my ladies and gentlemen.
and it remains critical on the streets also this night especially critical in this strip from the moselle over franconia to the ore mountains.
anywhere there can be very dangerous freezing rain because there the temperatures are still around the freezing point.
further south it is already too mild for freezing rain with temperatures of three to four degrees this night.
but there is no stopping once freezing rain falls.
and that will be especially the case in the middle of germany.
snow and rain then move eastwards during the day tomorrow but the break is really short.
because soon new snow and rainfall will come from the southwest and then the risk of flooding in small streams and rivers will increase.
in northern germany there will be a friendly change of sun and clouds tomorrow with temperatures around the freezing point.
On the other hand, it will be mild at the edge of the Alps as temperatures rise to eight degrees.
and it gets even warmer on Wednesday at the edge of the Alps as it goes up to ten degrees and the risk of flooding increases.
But after that the wind changes and it gets colder again.
the cold floods up to the alps and then the rain turns into snow again.
Have a nice evening.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday the nineteenth of july.
Germany is under high pressure heading into the new week.
mostly the sun shines in the next days and it gets hot again.
Furthermore, from Wednesday, moist hot air from the south flows to us and the risk of thunderstorms increases again.
at the beginning of the night scattered showers are still possible at the edge of the alps otherwise the sky is mostly clear.
in the northwest some clouds pass by.
during the day it is mostly sunny or only partly cloudy near the coast the clouds can be denser but it stays dry everywhere.
There is a light to moderate wind blowing in the southern half from the east, otherwise from different directions.
in the night ten to sixteen degrees in some low mountain valleys only single digits.
on the North Frisian coast tomorrow twenty-three degrees on the Lower Rhine to thirty-one degrees.
Also on tuesday the sun shines mostly near the alps, some thunderstorms can develop.
sunny and hot also the wednesday towards evening in the west increased showers and thunderstorms which spread on thursday.
and the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the twenty-second april.
very cool air is still flowing into germany tomorrow.
frost is expected in the nights under clear skies.
During the day, the high but widespread makes for pleasant weather and rising temperatures.
later it clears up and tomorrow it will be quite friendly with a lot of sunshine.
in the southwest some loose clouds appear in the northeast, but they only bring scattered showers.
light to moderate wind coming from the southwest, northeast, northeast and west.
in the middle tonight to minus five degrees at the north sea plus four degrees.
also in the coming nights it can still be frosty in parts.
on friday on the coasts still slightly unsettled otherwise the sun will be shining during the next days under the influence of high pressure and it will be much warmer.
on sunday to twenty-five degrees.
Good evening dear viewers.
there is already warm air moving from the southwest to germany behind this rainy area.
and this then meets the cold air over northern Germany.
There will be more snow tonight.
thereafter, the warm air also comes to northern Germany and that means freezing rain under certain circumstances.
because we have the frost there tonight down to minus five degrees.
it stays milder in the west also at the edge of the alps we probably have no frost this night at most a ground frost to zero degrees because partly there is the clear sky.
but otherwise it is raining in the middle and this rain area is moving slowly further north, so it is snowing slightly further away.
and later in the early morning there may also be freezing rain when the rain falls on the frozen ground.
friendly it will probably be in southern Germany because sometimes the sun shines before all things at the edge of the Alps and in Bavaria.
and the temperature nevertheless still lowest in the north a little above zero degrees, otherwise on the Rhine before all things nine to thirteen degrees.
It continues in a similar way but in the next few days it rains quite wet everywhere.
and on Saturday there will even be snow again.
I wish you a nice evening and do well.
between a high above eastern europe and the azores there is a zone of low air pressure which will bring us changeable weather also in the next days.
it remains a little too cool for the season.
at the beginning of the night there are strong showers and thunderstorms on the way which retreat to the south.
in some regions it loosens on places fog forms.
Tomorrow we can expect a mixture of sun and clouds with some showers and thunderstorms.
It will be friendliest in the northeast and near the coast.
weaker, especially at the North Sea, occasionally moderate and sometimes also fresh wind from west to northwest.
in vogtland tonight eight on the north sea to fifteen degrees.
tomorrow temperatures range from eighteen degrees in the Allgäu to twenty-seven degrees on the Spree.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the seventeenth of september.
the low over Scandinavia provides us in germany relatively cool mixed weather.
in the daytime sometimes sunny times denser clouds whereby it becomes friendliest in the southwest.
at the alps there is some rain here and there in the southern half some showers in the northern half some showers and short thunderstorms.
the wind blows light to moderate in the north it blows fresh with strong to stormy gusts at the sea single gusts.
on saturday in the northern half some showers on the coasts a lot of wind otherwise it is friendly only in the alps it rains sporadically.
on monday often the sun shines in the south otherwise sunny clouds and single showers.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the first december.
the northwest half of germany will be affected tomorrow by a low pressure system that extends from the atlantic to northern europe.
in the early fall in the northwest first drops.
during the day it rains in the northwest half and in direction southeast it will become cloudy for some time.
otherwise the sunshine and clouds will be the friendliest in the alps.
moderate to fresh wind with strong, stormy gusts in the northwest half on the coasts and on the mountain gusts in the southeast in the lowlands partly only weak wind.
tonight six degrees at the north sea and minus three degrees in the southeast.
on friday generally variable weather.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow thursday the eleventh of august.
in the northern half of germany an atlantic lowland brings many clouds and partly longer lasting rain.
In the direction of the south, the influence of high pressure makes for quite friendly weather, in between some warmer air flows in.
in the north there is widespread rain tonight in the south there are only a few clouds so that the moon and stars can be seen for a longer time.
also tomorrow it rains in the north, partly abundant in the middle sometimes sun and clouds here and there rain falls.
in the south it gets quite friendly and it stays dry.
the southwesterly wind blows moderate to moderate in the northwest, partly fresh.
there and in the mountains also strong to stormy gusts.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the eighteenth of february.
thereby the cold air from the northeast also spreads into the southwest of Germany.
the sun rarely appears most likely in the west here and there trickles a little snow.
in the southwest half there is also some drizzle, but mostly it remains dry.
light in the north, partly moderate at the coast and occasionally fresh winds from north to east.
on the Upper Rhine tonight plus two degrees elsewhere values around the freezing point or light frost.
in the west and southwest tomorrow to plus seven in the northeast minus two degrees.
also on Saturday cloudy or foggy weather will dominate.
from sunday in the west and south rain or snow in some areas otherwise a dry mixture of clouds fog and sun.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the twenty-fifth of january.
otherwise apart from cloudfields the stars show up in some areas especially in the north where fog can form locally.
in the southeast during the day mostly cloudy and partly light snowfall in the rest of the country partly dense clouds partly sun especially in the north.
the wind blows mainly weak in the north, partly moderately from northeast to east near the coast from south.
there tomorrow minus one in the east to minus eight degrees.
on saturday partly sunny, partly cloudy and occasionally some snow in the west.
and from there, on Sunday, milder air will spread.
partly freezing rain or snow falls.
on Monday then frost-free and changeable.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the twenty-fifth of July.
while western russia is experiencing an extreme heatwave in the coming days, relatively cool air is flowing from the northwest to germany.
There is no need to expect severe weather for the time being, but it remains volatile.
in the east and south of the danube it is mostly cloudy tonight here and there it is still raining.
Otherwise it clears up in some places.
during the day sometimes sunny and cloudy in the very east it rains in places also in the west the clouds get denser then it rains here and there.
the wind blows light to moderate in the north fresh at the east sea stormy gusts.
tonight six to eleven degrees on the east sea seventeen degrees.
on the day seventeen degrees in parts of bavaria and up to twenty-four degrees in frankfurt on the main.
on monday many clouds some showers single short thunderstorms in the northeast it is friendliest.
also on wednesday a mixture of sun and clouds here and there fall showers.
an extensive high pressure zone extends from the Atlantic to Eastern Europe.
it also ensures calm winter weather at the beginning of the coming week with plenty of sunshine away from some fog or high fog fields as at night in the north.
otherwise the night is partly clear but also fog or high fog fields.
during the day in the north almost everywhere cloudy weather otherwise a lot of sun away from the fog whereby the sun appears more frequently in the middle than in the south.
It will remain dry throughout Germany.
the wind blows only weakly and comes from different directions.
tonight minus three degrees at the north sea and minus fifteen degrees in the southeast.
day minus five degrees in persistent fog and plus three degrees in plenty of sunshine.
on tuesday in the north in many places cloudy weather otherwise where no fog is much sunshine.
in the evening rain comes up in the northwest.
on wednesday and also on thursday in the north and in the middle many clouds bringing some rain or snow caution slippery.
in the south further calm partly friendly weather.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday, the seventh june.
clouds of the low moving from the netherlands to southern sweden cross large parts of germany tonight.
they bring partly violent thunderstorms.
After that cooler air flows to us and by tomorrow the weather calms down.
Then it gets muggy again.
tomorrow it rains south of the danube at the or and in the north here and there are some thunderstorms.
Later it is quite friendly between the Upper Rhine and the Spree.
on the day in the south weak in the middle moderate in the north fresh wind at the east sea stormy gusts.
tonight seventeen degrees in lausitz ten degrees in the eifel.
fifteen degrees on the north sea and twenty-six degrees in the breisgau.
showers and thunderstorms on Tuesday towards the east for longer periods of time.
on wednesday in the southeast longer sunny parts thereby single thundershowers.
on thursday in the eastern half a lot of sunshine in the western half showers and thunderstorms.
Good evening dear viewers.
also at the east sea there was again real dreamlike weather today but to dream it was a bit cool directly at the water.
and unfortunately it will be a bit cooler tomorrow you can already see on the Baltic Sea coast.
the wind is moving to the northwest and with it comes cooler air six degrees tomorrow.
in the southwest, on the other hand, again really early summer warm with twenty-one degrees.
tonight three to six degrees in the north and west there may be light frost again here in the south.
Especially at the edge of the Alps we have the starry sky while over northern germany there are already a few fields of clouds.
they will condense tomorrow especially in the afternoon hours which will then pass over schleswig holstein and mecklenburg vorpommern leaving a few drops of rain.
and the wind is also strengthening and blowing from the northwest.
yes in the middle and in the south it stays with this nice windless spring weather so the change mostly sun and clouds.
and finally the temperatures to it then quite high in the south sixteen to twenty-one degrees similar to today.
Good evening dear viewers.
We expect extreme rainfall in the next thirty-six hours or so until Friday morning.
there are in germany between twenty and sixty litres per square metre enormous amounts of weight, mainly in North Rhine Westphalia but also in eastern Bavaria.
and this rain brings then also mild air with so we have ten to fifteen degrees in the next days.
winter is far away in the north in the middle of next week but then he will come back.
so tonight it will already rain heavily, especially in North Rhine-Westphalia in the sauerland but also in Bavaria.
later the rain moves to Lower Saxony the Baltic Sea coast it hardly reaches, there may still be a few snowflakes in Pomerania in the second half of the night.
but the night remains frost-free almost everywhere because in the northeast it is a degree seven degrees in the west.
we will experience a mild and extremely mild day in the west tomorrow.
in the northeast it stays a bit cooler with three degrees but twelve degrees on the Rhine.
but you can not enjoy them either.
it is raining quite heavily all day long in germany in the afternoon also at the baltic sea.
yes then the rain will probably ease in the southwest in the afternoon.
the wind is not that strong, especially here south of the Main from the southwest.
yes it continues to rain but only in northern germany at the weekend.
in southern Germany it looks a bit friendlier again and the sun is slowly making its way north.
I wish you a nice evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday the eleventh of january.
Tomorrow, it will determine our weather far above the North Sea.
during the day in the eastern half sun and clouds especially in the southeast keeps itself tenacious fog.
Dense clouds are coming from the west, bringing light snowfall into the lowlands.
but the snow soon turns into rain and freezing rain has to be expected for a short time.
the wind blows light to moderate on the coasts and towards the west it blows freshly in the black forest single gusts of wind.
day zero degrees in the extreme north and seven degrees in the southwest.
the outlook during wednesday from the west new heavy rainfall at first also snow.
Thursday will see heavy rain, but the least of it will be in the North East.
on friday in the northern half dense rain clouds further south it is partly friendly.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the sixth april.
otherwise high air pressure ensures that the sun shows itself more and more.
Tonight it will be mostly cloudy with few spots of rain here and there.
in the daytime it is cloudy in many places with more or less dense clouds it remains in the north and east they bring scattered rain.
in the south the wind blows weakly in the north moderate to fresh on the coasts strong there sometimes stormy gusts.
tonight ten degrees in the west and two degrees in the alpine valleys.
in the day at the North Sea ten degrees, otherwise between fifteen and twenty-four degrees.
on thursday clouds move over the northern half occasionally it rains something else sunshine.
in the northeast it is windy.
on friday in the north and east many clouds here and there rain and wind otherwise friendly weather.
on Saturday it will be cloudy, but mostly sunny for a while.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow saturday the seventh of may.
the high which extends from the east sea to greece brings us further much sunshine.
on its west side, warm summer air flows to us.
It will remain dry and showers will not become more likely until the middle of next week.
the night runs clear over the north and in the middle thin curtain clouds move eastwards.
during the day the sun often shines undisturbed from morning to night only here and there a few fog clouds appear over the mountains in the south and west a few small spring clouds.
Also on Sunday there will be a lot of sunshine in the far west and southwest as well as clouds here and there but only scattered showers.
little change on tuesday only in the west isolated showers or thunderstorms.
and with that good evening.
and this is already foreseeable.
Sometimes we are dealing with lows, sometimes with highs and sometimes it happens on the same day.
then there are big differences in the weather as there were showers and thunderstorms in the northeast, bright sunshine in the southwest.
and similarly different it looks also at night with clear starry skies in the southwest half with still rain falls from the north sea to the ore mountains.
the temperatures drop to fourteen to nine degrees during the night.
Tomorrow the temperature differences in our country will be greater than twenty-four degrees in the uckermark and twenty-four to twenty-eight degrees in the south and west.
in a strip from the North Sea coast to the Erzgebirge it stays a bit cooler because there is still this grey band of clouds from which it drips from time to time.
otherwise sun and clouds alternate and only in the afternoon we have to prepare for rain showers and thunderstorms before all things in bavaria.
variable it goes on in the next days with more thunderstorms in the west or in the south or in the east occasionally the sun shows up.
so it really is something for everyone what they want more.
Have a nice evening.
from the west comes a small weather front a cloud front which brings cooler air into northern germany tomorrow.
in the south, however, we still have the high pressure areas there come at most a few clouds.
it stays mostly dry even in the north there are only a few showers and there it starts in the next hours already the clouds have become a bit denser.
and after midnight we have the first small rain showers which move tomorrow morning quickly over northern Germany to the east.
there will probably not be much rain also in the afternoon there may be showers in the north of schleswig holstein.
in the south the wind is only weak because the sun still shines mostly a few clouds come up to the central mountains.
it is still very warm in the south because this cooler air does not arrive therefore up to twenty-seven degrees also in the east up to twenty-five.
but in the north sea air here in the northwest it is just a bit fresher with fourteen to eighteen degrees.
but it goes on warmer everywhere.
on wednesday first dry then from thursday hot to thirty degrees rain showers and thunderstorms.
Good evening dear viewers.
the weather change has started showers and thunderstorms have reached the west and they will continue to spread over germany tonight and tomorrow.
yes tonight so more showers and thunderstorms especially in the west.
in the east it stays clear again in the south with some fog fields.
the temperatures usually range between ten and fourteen degrees only at the edge of the Alps and in Bavaria it will be six to nine degrees cool.
and tomorrow we have a clear split what temperatures again here in the east.
so late summer twenty to twenty-five degrees also partly in Bavaria still.
and there we have the rain that will still be there tomorrow.
showers will move to the Baltic Sea and the same until the evening, before it will be really sunny and warm in the east.
and this also applies in southern Germany.
the rain is even stronger in the southwest than in the north, partly with thunderstorms.
Showers will reach Bavaria in the afternoon.
before it is also sunny and there is a strong hairdryer in the Alps.
yes then it rains at the weekend also in the south and above all also in the east.
In the new week it will be a bit cooler for all of us.
I wish you a good evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow saturday the thirtieth of january.
the deep that brings us in the night sometimes abundant snowfalls extends over the east of germany further to poland.
After that, colder air flows to us.
due to the snowstorm there are severe weather warnings of the German weather service.
in the afternoon it loosens up a bit in the north.
on sunday the clouds are different close together here and there it snows a bit.
on monday only occasional snow showers in the northwest thundery rain showers.
also on Tuesday changeable weather.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the fourth of november.
Low air pressure over northern Europe brings windy conditions in Germany and stormy rain in the north.
in the south it remains dry and partly quite friendly under the influence of high pressure.
Tonight it will be cloudy in many places, occasionally there will be some rain, especially near the Alps.
from the netherlands new rainfalls spread.
on the North Sea tomorrow twelve on the Rhine to nineteen degrees.
Friday and Saturday we can expect similar weather.
this morning at eight o'clock there were still blue skies over mainz well it already showed the first high cirren the first high ice clouds.
but then the clouds quickly thickened and barely an hour and a half later it started to rain.
and that's because of the next deep gunnar that gets there.
tonight it will rain in the middle of the night in the very north and in the very south it will be clear and the temperatures will drop to fifteen to eight degrees.
Tomorrow we can expect highs of twenty-seven degrees on the Upper Rhine.
and also otherwise at the beginning of astronomical summer with eighteen to twenty-four degrees actually quite warm.
but the sun does not show up everywhere in the north and in the south we have chances.
Wednesday will be muggy and warm with up to thirty degrees.
Rain showers and thunderstorms then end the summer intermezzo and changeable it just continues.
Have a nice evening.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow saturday the seventeenth of december.
the hurricane is moving towards the baltic tonight.
There is still a risk of severe weather, especially in eastern and southern Germany.
there are warnings from the german weather service.
That's why there will be some significant traffic disruption tonight.
Later snow and rain retreat to the east and south while it clears partially from the northwest.
otherwise sometimes sunny times clouds and occasionally rain or snow showers.
also thunderstorms especially in the northwest.
in the east and south tonight severe gale force winds especially on the mountains.
tomorrow with showers on the coasts as well as in the mountains still gusts of wind.
on the edge of the Alps tonight minus three on the North Sea islands to plus three degrees.
there tomorrow to seven otherwise values between zero and six degrees.
Good evening dear viewers.
Tomorrow it will be sunny again almost everywhere.
and it gets a bit hotter.
the last rain showers and thunderstorms leave during these hours.
we can expect temperatures of up to thirty degrees in central europe tomorrow.
at the mediterranean sea it is still a bit hotter up to thirty-five degrees.
Who else is sweating?
and in the north of africa it is up to forty north whereas in the north and northwest of europe we have a cool summer with fifteen to twenty degrees.
and these are almost our temperatures of the night.
it cools down to about eleven to seventeen degrees.
In addition, we only have a few thick clouds and a few raindrops that are now moving eastwards.
the thunderstorms in the second half of the night that is no longer an issue in any case.
Tomorrow morning there will be a few drops of rain in southeastern Bavaria.
sun and clouds alternate.
but at the North Sea we have a few rain showers during the day.
and there is a fresh southwesterly wind.
There are twenty-two twenty-three degrees about right on the coasts.
but otherwise it will be warm, sometimes up to thirty-one degrees.
yes on friday even summer heat.
but already in the northwest of Germany a little more intense rain showers.
and they bring us for the weekend unfortunately cooler weather and in the north also a few showers.
Clouds spread from the northwest, bringing some rain to the north and west tonight.
the stars appear more frequently towards the south.
stormy gusts tonight at the lake and in the mountains.
light to moderate at the North Sea tomorrow also fresh wind from southwest to south.
zero degrees tonight in the Allgäu mild eleven degrees on the Lower Rhine and the coast.
tomorrow from ten to seventeen degrees in the south to eighteen degrees.
cooler in prolonged fog.
on sunday, the atlantic low will bring more clouds, sometimes more and sometimes less rain.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow saturday the seventeenth april.
tonight clouds will remain over the south for quite some time, only a few showers will fall, otherwise it will be clear.
during the day there is a lot of sunshine in the south, especially over the mountains a few spring clouds also on the coasts it is occasionally cloudy.
in the south weak northeast wind in the middle weak wind from different directions in the north it blows moderately at the sea fresh directly at the east sea there can be stormy gusts.
tonight plus four to minus four degrees on the day ten degrees in north friesland and nineteen degrees in the breisgau.
on sunday in the far north some clouds but hardly any rain will bring a lot of sunshine.
showers or thunderstorms later in the south.
on monday sometimes sunny and cloudy with only a few showers.
on Tuesday unsettled weather with rain showers.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday the thirteenth of September.
the high in Scotland is losing influence on our weather.
a deep that moves in the night and tomorrow from sweden to czech prevails with cloudy and cool air.
from time to time in the east and northeast also thundershowers.
in the northwest also sunny moments.
the wind blows weak to moderate on the coasts fresh there under thunderstorms also stormy gusts.
tonight fourteen degrees on the north sea four degrees on the edge of the alps.
twelve degrees in the vogtland and twenty degrees in the breisgau on the day.
the prospects.
on monday many clouds some sunshine partly thundery showers.
in the north it is windy.
on tuesday towards the east sea and the alps a little more sun.
otherwise the weather changes little.
on wednesday sunny times clouds and only scattered showers.
and that will bring before all things up to and including thursday partly still productive rain before all things then again tomorrow.
So tonight will continue to be rainy over the eastern half in the southwest with some showers clear in the northwest.
and tomorrow it will continue with the rain over the eastern half a bit changed.
the North Sea is expected to remain largely dry.
but then in the course of the day from the Erzgebirge to the edge of the Alps again abundant rain quite also again risk of severe weather.
in the southwest some showers and in the whole northwest quite friendly.
and also the Thursday in the southeast still changeable.
but from friday it looks much better for everyone and much sunshine and warmth.
finally the summer is coming.
I wish you a good evening.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday the twenty-fifth of july.
the air pressure differences over germany are getting smaller so that the sun shows up a bit more often than in the past days.
during the night it will be mostly dry in the east and southeast.
Thick clouds will persist over the east and northeast during the day, bringing rain at first.
otherwise a mixture of sun and clouds will develop in the afternoon, especially in the southwest.
the wind blows light to moderate at the North Sea also fresh.
night temperatures between six degrees on the Saar and fourteen degrees on sylt.
on the day sixteen degrees in the vogtland and up to twenty-two degrees on the upper Rhine.
on tuesday apart from dense clouds also gaps in the cloud cover, especially in the west and in the middle there will be showers and thunderstorms.
sun a lot of sun from the coast to the alps.
But it won't stay that way.
for showers and thunderstorms are approaching from the west.
and in the next few days it will be slightly changeable.
our sunny high that moves further to the east.
Showers and thunderstorms will be limited to the western half tonight.
otherwise it will be a very warm and starry summer night.
but in the west there are already showers and thunderstorms on the way which also move slowly towards the east and can be severe in the evening.
and that is because we still have this very hot air there, partly thirty degrees above thirty degrees.
in the west then already clear cooling so twenty-one to twenty-five degrees.
so very pleasant the temperatures.
on Thursday then hardly any more showers.
and on Friday there will be some rain again from the northwest.
but it definitely stays warm.
and now I wish you a nice evening.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday nineteenth april.
Also tomorrow it will be often friendly in large parts of Germany.
in the north, however, cooler air flows in on Tuesday when clouds of a low near iceland reach us.
at the beginning of the night, isolated thundery showers must be expected in the south of bavaria and Baden-Wuerttemberg, otherwise it is mostly clear.
during the day it will be sunny with some clouds.
they bring single showers over the central mountains in the afternoon.
the wind blows weak in the north also moderate at the north sea fresh it comes from northwest to north.
tonight seven to nine degrees on day eight degrees in north friesland and up to twenty-one degrees in the south.
on Tuesday it will be partly cloudy here and there with rain showers and thunderstorms.
Good evening dear viewers.
The sky was deep blue again today in the east and also at the edge of the Alps as here in berchtesgaden.
but the snow will thaw quickly from the southwest will be a bit milder in the next few days.
but we stay close to the cold in northeastern europe with maximum temperatures of minus five to minus fifteen degrees.
and tonight it will remain frost-free in the west there five degrees tomorrow morning.
but in the east it will be freezing cold again with minus four to minus twelve degrees.
there we have the clear sky in the west we have the clouds and tomorrow morning also thick fog fields.
otherwise we have a division so in the west it remains cloudy but dry and in the east it is also dry but wonderfully sunny as already today and also yesterday.
and it's not that cold any more.
the temperatures usually reach two to ten degrees only at the border to poland so we still keep the light frost and it weakens in the next days.
but it will be cold and wet at the weekend with more rain coming in from the west.
and in the mountains snow falls again.
Have a nice evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday, october nineteenth.
the high that stretches from france to us connects with the high above russia.
Tomorrow we can expect mostly calm dry autumn weather.
After that it will be a lot milder but as the week goes on lows will take over.
the fog is gone and tomorrow the sun is shining in many places.
the exceptions over the southeast as well as the very north and northwest are still full of clouds.
Tonight it will be partly milder, plus four to minus three degrees at the north sea.
During the day it is cooler with fog between four and twelve degrees.
on wednesday it will be partly sunny and partly cloudy, but it will be dry.
Also on Thursday it will be partly sunny but also cloudy or foggy.
in the west and southwest it rains from time to time at the alps föhn.
Dear viewers good evening.
Severe wintry conditions hit Northern Ireland Scotland yesterday.
severe flooding in the usa.
still warm at the eastern mediterranean sea and also towards the western mediterranean sea all west and northern Europe remains cool.
and the coming night will be very cool.
spreads sub-zero temperatures to minus five at the edge of the Alps and even on the coast near zero degrees.
tomorrow the temperature range is only eight to thirteen degrees maximum.
and also on Saturday in the east still friendly in the west then partly strong showers.
Sunday in the northwest and also in the south.
there again mixed with snow.
and on Monday the showers will retreat towards the southeast.
and then it will be quite a friendly day.
and now I wish you a nice evening.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the twenty-seventh of May.
a deep pull over the center of germany towards the east sea.
the weather calms down a bit in the north and in the middle while in the south there are remnants of the warm and therefore thundery air.
in the coming night it rains or showers here and there the german weather service warns especially in the south of strong thunderstorms.
tomorrow in the morning it rains in the northeast still other single showers in the south it rains partly heavily also thunderstorms are with it.
apart from the showers and thunderstorms the wind blows only slightly to moderate tomorrow.
on friday sun and clouds alternate here and there thundery showers.
on saturday the sun shines next to some clouds for a longer time in the south and southwest some showers.
on sunday sunny times with clouds here and there showers.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow saturday the ninth of july.
in the west denser clouds move in places it rains later.
during the day some thundery showers in the west and northwest.
otherwise it is mostly cloudy here and there with showers and thunderstorms which can be heavy in the east and southeast.
the wind blows light to moderate, especially in the northwest half sometimes fresh with thunderstorms.
tonight values between sixteen and eleven degrees during the day then temperatures between twenty and thirty degrees.
the prospects on sunday sometimes sunny and cloudy, especially in the afternoon showers and thunderstorms that can be severe in the south and southeast.
on Monday it will be partly cloudy, partly sunny especially in the eastern half and in the south thundershowers.
also on Tuesday generally mixed weather.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Tuesday, the nineteenth of October.
the highs that brought us quite calm weather today are drifting apart.
nordic lowlands push into the gap and direct rain towards polar cold air in the middle of the week.
the rain clouds spread tonight from the north sea over the northwest half.
Towards the southeast it will be cloudy, but mostly clear for a while.
tomorrow the rainband shifts over the middle to the southeast towards the alps, partly the sun is still shining.
behind the band of rain there is a change of sun and clouds with showers in the northwest also some short thunderstorms.
tomorrow the wind blows mostly moderate to fresh with strong gusts at the lake and on the mountains also stormy gusts.
in the southeast tonight temperatures near freezing point in the northwest six to seven degrees.
tomorrow six degrees in the vogtland from Lower Rhine to North Friesland twelve degrees.
Wednesday and Thursday will be wet and windy, especially in the north, but there will be some rain or showers, with snowflakes possible in lower areas.
on friday at least in the south again a bit friendlier.
corresponding warnings of the german weather service apply.
Tomorrow, the risk of severe weather will be much lower.
in the coming night, the risk of severe weather is highest again towards the south and east.
During the day it is variable with some strong showers and thunderstorms.
in the south there are only scattered showers later in the south of bavaria rain sets in during the afternoon.
gusts of wind are possible in thunderstorms as well as in the high altitudes otherwise the wind blows moderately partly also fresh.
tonight eighteen degrees at the neisse thirteen degrees in the eifel.
nineteen degrees on the lake to twenty-four degrees on the Upper Rhine.
on Saturday it will be mostly cloudy with partly thundery showers.
In the course of the afternoon it gets friendlier in the southwest.
a lot of wind in the north and northeast.
lots of sunshine on sundays.
Also on Monday it is still friendly in the afternoon in the western half here and there showers and thunderstorms.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the thirteenth of november.
Lows over the atlantic will determine our weather in the coming days with humid, partly but very mild air.
in the south there will be a short period of high air pressure tomorrow.
During the night it rains or drizzles in some regions it is foggy.
light to moderate wind in the northwest half partly fresh at the North Sea and in the western central mountains stormy gusts.
tonight eight degrees in cologne bay and zero degrees in pomerania.
seven degrees on the day and sixteen degrees on the Upper Rhine.
on saturday the sun shines in the eastern half from time to time.
from the west a rainy area is approaching and it is very mild.
a lot of wind in the northwest.
on sunday there will be some sunshine and clouds, especially in the south and northwest.
Monday starts friendly later comes rain from the southwest.
Good evening dear viewers.
torrential rain combined with floods landslides this is the weather in the next few hours in bavaria.
so it will be quite massive the rain clouds are currently accumulating at the alps from the northeast driven by this low pressure area that is slowly moving towards the middle sea.
and tomorrow the rain clouds weaken.
After that it will finally be sunny and warm on Friday.
but in the next few hours we still expect eight centimetres of heavy rain until tomorrow morning.
and still rain tomorrow in the southeast of Germany from the Erzgebirge to the Black Forest.
but thank God the rain eases off and in the afternoon it can also slowly dry from the alps.
In northern Germany, on the other hand, the weather contrasts.
bright sunshine very similar to today and also in the west we find only a few clouds more weather there is not however for all of us this quite strong northerly wind.
but at least the warmth in the north and west twenty to twenty-three degrees a little cooler it remains directly on the coasts and then above all under the rain clouds there only twelve to sixteen degrees.
but the warmth comes from friday it is there the sun too.
Have a nice evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the eleventh of november.
Tomorrow afternoon it will be a low pressure system moving into Scotland.
Until then, there is calm before the storm.
during the night the rain shifts to the eastern half in the higher highlands it snows partly cautiously because of slippage.
tomorrow first again friendly parts in the afternoon then in the west heavy rain comes on it spreads later on to large parts of the country.
first the wind blows moderately later strong especially in the northwest half towards evening first gale force winds.
in the highlands and at the lake heavy gusts in peaks partly hurricane gusts.
tonight values between five and minus one degree on the day then four degrees in the vogtland and eleven degrees on the lower rhine.
The outlook for Friday is for an autumn storm, especially in the north, with heavy gusts and gale-force gusts.
in the very south it rains for a long time.
on Saturday it will be friendly in the south otherwise rain and wind on Sunday will continue unsettled weather.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday the fourteenth of december.
a little low above poland will be noticeable tomorrow in the north and east of germany.
otherwise the influence of low high pressure prevails and it remains cold in winter.
during the night it snows towards the south and northeast in places light at the east sea also rain can be with it otherwise it remains mostly dry.
during the day it will be mostly cloudy in the north and east.
locally it snows a little at the lake also rain.
in the rest of the country it is mainly dry and partly friendly.
the wind blows light to moderate in the southern half sometimes strong gusty winds.
tonight zero degrees at the east sea and down to minus twelve degrees at the alps.
on the day minus five degrees at the edge of the Alps and up to plus three degrees at Kieler Bay.
on tuesday it snows or rains a bit in the north besides clouds partly friendly.
on wednesday partly sunny and partly dense clouds in the north and in the southeast there will be some snow.
also on thursday the clouds lie differently close together.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Saturday, the nineteenth of February.
the low over the atlantic brings rain or snow to the west and south on sunday.
Tonight it will be mostly cloudy or foggy in the east and southeast with some snow or rain locally.
gently smooth.
also during the day widespread cloudy in northern Germany as well as at the edge of the Alps the sun can be seen at times.
Especially towards the east there will be some rain or snow.
tomorrow the wind is moderate in the north and on the coasts also fresh from east to northeast.
along the rhine tonight one to two degrees plus, otherwise widespread frost in pre-pomerania to minus six degrees.
frosty minus two in the Breisgau up to plus eight degrees tomorrow.
on sunday many clouds or fog fields in the west and southwest rain or snow in some areas.
in the new week similar weather but the sun has at least in some regions a little better chance.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the seventh december.
low foothills continue to provide very windy and changeable weather.
sometimes milder and sometimes colder air flows in.
and so the snowfall limit rises and is also in the next days.
tonight only snow falls on the alps near the coast, isolated showers later spread from the west rain.
Towards the east, there is still snow.
from the west it eases later but there are still showers especially in the northwest locally with sleet or lightning and thunder.
the southwesterly wind often blows freshly and turns to the west tomorrow.
widespread there are stormy gusts with showers also heavy gusts on the mountains in part gale force gusts.
in the east and south tonight locally light frost in the breisgau up to plus four degrees.
there tomorrow ten otherwise values between one and eight degrees.
it will remain very windy on thursday before rain comes in from the west.
that falls on Saturday in colder air partially again to lower altitudes.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday the eleventh of may.
the deep that extends from spain to the south of central europe extends further north tomorrow.
the consequence of unsettled weather in large parts of germany.
during the day it rains heavily in the northwest, apart from some sunshine some showers in the southern half thunderstorms which are partly heavy in Bavaria.
in the northeast it remains dry.
during thunderstorms gales are possible otherwise the wind blows weak in the northern half it blows weak to moderate.
Tonight nine to three degrees in the north frost to minus one degree.
on the day seven degrees in the eifel where it rains longer in the southeast to twenty-two degrees.
on wednesday here and there rain in the southeast also thunderstorms on thursday also unsettled weather especially in the south and in the east it rains in some places.
on friday sometimes sun sometimes clouds sometimes rain in the southeast single thunderstorms.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the seventh of july.
in the northwest of germany moderate warm air will flow into the rest of the country in the coming days.
during the night there are still isolated showers in the northeast, there are still strong thunderstorms in places, there are warnings of the german weather service.
during the day it is quite friendly here and there are also denser clouds on the way which bring showers locally in the northwest.
in the south some heavy thunderstorms before heavy rainfall and thunderstorms occur in the evening from the southwest.
the wind blows moderate to moderate with showers and thunderstorms partly strong gusts.
tonight seventeen degrees in berlin area eight degrees in sauerland.
on friday in the east and southeast still thundershowers which leave otherwise sometimes friendly parts and only single showers.
on saturday clouds with localised showers in the southeast partly with heavy thunderstorms.
similar weather then also on Sunday.
storm rain snow and we leave the storm over western europe especially between ireland and france because it is raging.
the rain also comes to us in the west and the snow falls before all things in scandinavia.
so tonight it has already started to rain in the west it will continue to rain.
Also on the coasts it is dripping a bit and we still have these strong gusts from the east on the North Sea coast.
otherwise it will be foggy and clear which means it will be partly frosty in the north in the east and also in the south otherwise in the west it will be three to five degrees tomorrow morning.
and tomorrow will have similar temperatures as today.
It will remain coolest in the northeast with five degrees and mildest in the Rhine with ten or eleven degrees.
it is then mostly cloudy so between the saarland and the coasts there remains cloudy again and again it rains a bit in between.
to the east and to the south, however, we also have sunny gaps and there it will remain dry in any case and the wind also eases again in the day.
yes, but then it will be cold and wet in the next days and the next storm will come.
on thursday it brings a little milder air on friday well we see it raining.
Have a nice evening and do well.
Dear viewers good evening.
Also today in the northeast there was a respite from showers and thunderstorms.
and they were already in a north-south direction over germany the whole weekend.
but the thunderstorms subside during the night.
in the north it will rain again.
and up-to-date information about severe weather warnings of the german weather service can be obtained at any time.
tomorrow there will be only sporadic thunderstorms.
in the southeast but definitely still showers.
and also over the north there are denser clouds with some rain here and there.
but in the afternoon it will be warmer from the west and southwest.
and on wednesday the next rain arrives in the north.
in the south.
in the next few days it will not be unfriendly but it will not be without rain showers.
with that I wish you a nice evening.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday the seventh of february.
Tomorrow the sun will spread under the influence of high pressure.
towards the evening a deep from the North Sea rain clouds and stormy winds come in.
during the night the rain retreats to the Baltic Sea towards the south, it clears up more and more, especially in the southern river valleys.
after its dissolution, the sun often shines in the south and in the middle of the morning.
a few drops here and there near the coast, but also in the north it eases up more and more towards the evening in the northwest new rain comes up.
otherwise light to moderate in the north fresh and strongly gusty southwesterly winds.
in the northwest tonight eight on the edge of the alps under clear skies to minus five degrees.
on tuesday especially in the middle areas rain in the eastern mountains also snow otherwise partly friendly.
on wednesday dry and a lot of sun in the northwest even denser clouds.
rain again on thursday otherwise partly foggy or cloudy partly sunny.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday, november 9th.
while it rains in the surrounding countries sometimes productive falls with us comparatively little rain.
tonight it is raining a little bit in places, especially at the east sea and in the southwest half.
in the high altitudes some snow is falling.
Tomorrow, rain will mainly fall from Baden wuerttemberg to North Rhine-Westphalia and along the coasts.
in the eastern half next to dense clouds partly also sometimes longer friendly sections.
the wind blows weakly on the coasts, partly moderate to fresh.
tonight five to minus two degrees on day five to ten degrees in the southwest to eleven degrees.
the outlook on wednesday it rains in the northwest half of the area in direction southeast it is partly friendly.
on thursday sunshine and clouds from the evening rain comes from the west and the wind refreshes stormy.
heavy rainfall on Friday, it is very windy.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday the fourteenth of december.
the stream of nordic cold air does not break off and so it remains frosty not only at night but also during the day.
of the eastern half of germany a deep morning brings snowfall while in the west it stays friendlier thanks to a light influence of high pressure.
in the northwest it will be partly clear for a longer time tonight, otherwise it will be lighter here and there with moderate snowfall.
on or and neisse as well as in the north congestion of the Erzgebirge and thuringia forests, there may be some heavy snow tomorrow.
Towards the west the sun sometimes shows up and only occasionally a few flakes trickle down.
in the western half weak otherwise moderate to fresh and partly strong gusty winds from north to northwest.
there tomorrow minus seven degrees in the north values around freezing point.
on wednesday snow falls mainly in the south and east, most friendly in the northwest.
From there, heavy snowfall will arrive on Thursday, where freezing rain is possible and very windy.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the second of june.
high air pressure over central europe brings a lot of sunshine to large parts of germany.
The exception is southern Germany.
humid air provides there tomorrow we clouds on Friday for thunderstorms.
at the weekend it spreads further north and the risk of thunderstorms increases.
in the night the clouds retreat to the south here and there it rains a bit.
during the day it is cloudy in the south then the clouds loosen up in the afternoon at the alps a few showers.
the wind blows light to moderate in the southwest, partly with strong gusts.
tonight thirteen degrees in lower bavaria and three degrees in emsland.
eighteen degrees on the lake and twenty-five degrees on the main.
on friday it is humid in the south from the afternoon scattered heavy showers and thunderstorms.
on saturday in the north there will be some thunderstorms in the south from the afternoon onwards.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the sixteenth of december.
weather conditions remain stable.
with it the cold air stays with us at least until Sunday.
During the night it will be mostly cloudy except for a few snowflakes it will be dry.
also in the north dense clouds at the north sea here and there rain or snow.
in a strip in between, sometimes the sun shines.
tonight plus one degree at the north sea and minus twelve degrees at the alps.
day minus seven degrees at the edge of the Alps and up to plus three degrees at the North Sea.
on friday also a lot of clouds here and there some snow.
similar weather on Saturday with temperatures between minus nine and zero degrees.
Good evening dear viewers.
slowly it is getting a bit wintry again with the snowfalls in the east and south but also in the Harz.
today there have been a few small snow showers, here you can see a wonderful view from the rocks in the Harz.
and there is more rain and snow that will move from the north sea over germany in the next few hours.
first it will rain then over germany it will turn into more and more snow so wet cold weather we keep with icy roads.
and it starts again in the next hours with rain here at the north sea which spreads partly heavy rain while it can snow a bit more in the Erzgebirge and the Alps.
there it is cold enough there is frost at the edge of the Alps even down to minus eight degrees.
also in the east around zero degrees while in the northwest it remains frost-free.
otherwise it will snow later in the afternoon also in the Erzgebirge and in thuringia.
maybe a little bit sunnier but also colder.
I wish you a nice evening and do well.
between a high above england and a low over poland damp cold air flows to germany.
With the temperatures, the snowfall limit also decreases.
during the night there are rain showers especially in the middle and in the south. Above about three hundred meters, some of them turn into snow.
also in the day many clouds bring rain here and there, especially in the highlands also snow showers.
Short thunderstorms are possible locally.
In between times the sun can be seen, preferably in the north.
Tomorrow a mostly moderate wind blows from west to northwest.
on the edge of the Alps tonight minus two on the Upper Rhine to plus four degrees.
the outlook in the coming days is often cloudy or even foggy, but it gets colder especially in the southeast half with frosty temperatures occasionally snow in the north and west there are rather raindrops.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday the eighteenth of january.
a low that moves from england to the baltic sea brings clouds to the north and the middle of germany which also drop some rain here and there.
and there the stars show up more often tonight before the fog spreads again.
during the day there will be some rain north of the river Main which may be even stronger in the north.
Tomorrow there will be a light to moderate wind from south to southwest.
in the evening the wind in the north turns to the northwest.
in the south tonight here and there light frost in the cologne bay up to plus seven degrees.
in the foggy areas tomorrow only two else four to nine on the Upper Rhine to ten degrees.
The next few days will be colder in the south-east and frosty during the day.
There are many clouds that bring snow or sleet in some places.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the twelfth of may.
a deep between iceland and scotland directs cooler atlantic air to germany where it meets humid warm air.
the consequence is showers and thunderstorms especially towards the southeast they can be violent.
also tonight there will be strong showers or thunderstorms in some places in the east and south, otherwise partly cloudy, partly clear and mostly dry.
Fog forms in places.
Showers and thunderstorms are expected tomorrow, with heavy rain and hail in places, especially in the south-east.
from the west it starts to loosen again later.
near thunderstorms squalls are possible otherwise the wind blows light to moderate at the north sea also fresh around west.
in the eifel tonight six in the breisgau as well as in lausitz up to fourteen degrees.
there tomorrow to twenty-four in north friesland, on the other hand, fresh fifteen degrees.
on friday in the north sometimes sunny times clouds with isolated showers otherwise mostly friendly.
on saturday, showery rain will spread from the west to the southeast, partly with strong thunderstorms.
on Sunday changeable and significantly cooler.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Tuesday, the twenty-first of September.
the Scandinavian low brings clouds and some rain to northern germany.
the middle and south are under the influence of high pressure, which will bring plenty of sunshine throughout the country on Wednesday.
during the night there is mainly rain from the german bay to the orderbruch in some areas, otherwise it is dry towards the south also clear.
Tomorrow in the north and northeast sometimes sunny and sometimes denser clouds here and there a few drops can fall.
The rest of the country will be mostly sunny for a while.
in the north moderate at the east sea in gusts also fresh to strong westerly winds, otherwise it blows weakly from different directions.
in the north tonight eleven to thirteen degrees otherwise only single digits.
on wednesday a lot of sunshine and even warmer in the northeast occasionally denser clouds.
Also thursday mostly friendly but from the west it gets cloudier again.
on Friday then changeable and a little cooler.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday the thirtieth of november.
which, deep in the UK, brings cooler air to us from the west.
in the highlands the rain partly turns into snow.
in the western half it rains in some areas in the eastern parts of the country it is still dry.
the wind blows mostly only slightly to moderate.
Tonight temperatures will be between seven and two degrees.
on tuesday partly snow or sleet falls in the southeast half up to the lower elevations.
in the northwest partly sunny and partly cloudy and only few showers.
On Wednesday it will be mostly dry for a while.
on thursday it is mostly friendly in the east, only in the west and southwest it rains a little bit.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the fourth of march.
and which uses a Nordic low and directs cloudfields into the country on Saturday.
from sunday it will be friendlier again.
during the night it will be mostly cloudy in the south.
especially near the coast there is fog or high fog.
also from czech a few high fog fields drift into the country.
on the coast as well as in schleswig holstein it will remain cloudy all day tomorrow.
apart from that the sun is shining here and there some harmless clouds appear.
light to moderate wind coming in the south half from northeast to east otherwise from different directions.
in lausitz and allgäu tonight minus seven on the Upper Rhine minus one degree.
on saturday clouds move from the north to the middle but only a few drops fall in places.
sunny in the south after fog.
on sunday slightly cooler but friendlier again and on monday the sun shines again.
a long low pressure zone stretching from the Arctic Ocean to the Mediterranean Sea brings us many clouds.
the high with its centre above england also brings sunshine especially to the north of germany.
and the partly heavy showers will turn into snow tonight to lower elevations.
There are gaps in the clouds, especially in the north, but there is widespread fog.
during the day many clouds here and there the sun shows preferably in the north.
Particularly in the southeastern half there is snow on the Rhine main and neckar partly also snow rain.
light to moderate winds coming mainly from the north.
Tonight spreads light frost or temperatures around freezing.
tomorrow on the Rhine and Main to plus four on the edge of the Alps frosty minus two degrees.
until saturday the temperatures still drop a little, especially in the north jam of the mountains some snow falls here and there but also the sun can be seen.
on sunday new precipitation will move in from the north.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the twenty-sixth of august.
in the west and northwest is becoming more relaxed.
tomorrow in the east and south more clouds than sun and partly strong showers or thunderstorms.
otherwise quite friendly.
Friday will be windy in the north and cooler on Saturday.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday the eighth of december.
During the night and tomorrow unstable low pressure weather will prevail again.
that means lots of clouds and rain.
from the northwest, some colder air flows in so that the rain on the mountains partly turns into snow.
Tonight dense rain clouds spread from the southwest, occasionally heavy rain.
during the day it will be mostly cloudy with some rain or showers.
in the southern half the snowfall limit drops to nine hundred to six hundred meters.
the wind blows light to moderate to the south with isolated gusts on the mountains.
in the night eight degrees on the Rhine to zero degrees in the northeast.
on day five on the Baltic Sea and up to ten degrees on the Upper Rhine.
on wednesday in addition to dense clouds sometimes gaps in the cloud cover locally it rains or drizzles a little.
at the edge of the Alps some snow.
an extensive low pressure zone continues to determine the weather for northern and central Europe.
a little deep that migrates to denmark will bring rain and wind tomorrow.
The weekend will also be mixed but warmer again.
Tonight there will be showers here and there but there will also be gaps in the clouds.
after midnight rain moves into the northwest.
during the day the rainfall spreads over large parts of the country, especially in the west it rains heavily.
thunderstorms are also possible.
The friendliest place to stay is in the south.
the wind from west to southwest blows moderately to fresh in the west and northwest with stormy gusts at the north sea and on the mountains gusts.
In the course of the night the temperatures drop to fourteen to eight degrees.
Tomorrow, only sporadic temperatures above twenty degrees will be reached, usually between fifteen and nineteen degrees.
on Sunday much warmer but only partly dry.
on monday more sunshine than clouds showers are then rare.
atlantic low foothills bring us many clouds and rain until friday.
in the eastern half of the day there will be some clouds tonight, otherwise mostly cloudy, especially in the west and northwest there will be showers.
on thursday it is mostly cloudy and from the west a band of rain crosses us.
the wind blows mainly moderately with fresh to strong gusts from the southwest in the mountains as well as stormy gusts at the north sea.
in the Bavarian forest tonight just above zero in the Ruhr area to ten degrees.
on the North Frisian coast tomorrow ten degrees in lausitz to seventeen degrees.
also on Friday more clouds than sun, especially in the northern half some rain.
from the southwest it gets friendlier later.
Saturday is mostly sunny with record-breaking temperatures.
on Sunday there will be some heavy and thundery rain in the northwest and west.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, first november.
tomorrow atlantic lowlands reach the northwest and west of germany with strong wind and partly heavy rain.
in the north and west it is already cloudy tonight.
A few drops drop here and there.
Otherwise partly clear and partly cloudy.
there are also stormy gusts at the North Sea gusts.
in the rest of the country weak to moderate later strong refreshing winds from south to southeast.
tomorrow on the spree fresh six in the southwest mild seventeen degrees.
on monday there will be some rain in the southeast half otherwise some showers and some sunshine.
also unsettled in the following days, it will be cooler in the higher mountains with snow falling.
on wednesday it will be very windy.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the third of june.
above Austria and Hungary lies a deep.
it provides abundant rainfall in the southeast of Germany.
Especially in the alpine regions there is flooding and danger of landslides is warned.
in the southeastern half it rains more widely tonight at the alps severe weather danger.
corresponding warnings of the german weather service apply.
also during the day it rains heavily towards the southeast in the direction of lausitz, thunderstorms bring a lot of sunshine in the northwest half.
on the higher mountains during the night here and there gale force winds tomorrow weak to moderate wind in the north and east partly fresh wind.
the prospects.
on friday it rains at the alps in the beginning here and there something else it is mostly sunny up to twenty-six degrees.
on saturday lots of sunshine everywhere until twenty-nine degrees.
also on sunday it is quite friendly during the day from southwest here and there thundershowers.
Well, my ladies and gentlemen are rattling their shutters.
then they probably live directly on the North Sea coast.
and with that good evening.
because there is currently a really strong storm and there is also rain from the emsland to the Baltic Sea coast.
Further southeast, some of the stars are sparkling.
and it is still foggy during the night.
It gets really cold at the edge of the Alps as the values drop to four degrees.
It remains significantly milder under the rain clouds in the northwest with fifteen to ten degrees.
Tomorrow we can expect maximum temperatures between fourteen and eighteen degrees.
and only in the west and southwest it goes up to nineteen to twenty-two degrees.
Tomorrow morning it will rain most heavily east of the city in the west only slightly.
But that changes in the afternoon when new rain clouds come in from the northwest.
In the next few days it will be changeable with more sunshine and more rain and in any case relatively cool.
If you want it to get warmer now then we'll look at the fifteen-day trend together and you'll see it staying at fourteen to eighteen degrees all the time.
And that was it for tonight.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the second of may.
low air pressure over northern and central Europe also determines the weather here in germany.
to the north flows cooler air while the air otherwise remains relatively warm.
during the night it rains in the south and southeast here and there towards the north it is partly clear.
Tomorrow the clouds will dominate it rains or showers widespread sometimes also strong.
Especially in the afternoon there are some thunderstorms.
in the northeast it is partly friendly.
the wind blows in the north light to moderate from east to northeast otherwise weak from different directions.
strong gusts with showers and thunderstorms.
tonight ten to one degrees in the northern half partly ground frost.
on tuesday it rains in the southeast and towards the northwest it is quite friendly.
from wednesday temperatures are going up again.
showers and thunderstorms in the southeast tonight that can be severe.
corresponding warnings of the german weather service apply.
in the morning there will be showers from the northwest with isolated thunderstorms.
also in the southeast and east develop thunderstorms that can be strong.
tonight twenty degrees on the river spree ten degrees in the eifel.
twenty degrees on the north sea and thirty degrees on the lausitz.
on Tuesday, partly heavy showers will concentrate on the south and east in the west it will be friendliest.
on wednesday a lot of sunshine warmer to thirty-one degrees on thursday the sun shines widespread only in the northwest single thundery showers up to thirty-four degrees.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the fourth of december.
During the night, rain clouds approach from the west over the North Sea.
another low over italy will bring longer lasting rain tomorrow in southern germany.
in the east there will be clouds and fog and clear skies tonight while rain clouds will shift eastwards from the west.
in the high altitudes trickles snow.
in a strip from schleswig to franconia some rain in the northwest isolated showers.
in the south it sometimes rains longer lasting above six hundred meters of snow.
with showers in the northwest strong gusts otherwise light to moderate wind from different directions.
at the north sea tonight six degrees plus partly light frost in the eastern half.
Temperatures range from one degree on the edge of the Alps to seven on the main and same.
at the weekend there are usually a lot of clouds that bring rain in the highlands at the beginning also snow.
Windy in the northwest.
from sunday it will be milder again.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the thirtieth of september.
Until the weekend, the stable high pressure system will continue to bring sunny and warm autumn weather.
tonight the stars sparkle again for a long time before regional fogs or high fog fields form again, especially in the south as well as near rivers and lakes but also in sheltered lowlands.
Tomorrow it may take some time until the fog disappears especially tough it keeps around the Bodensee.
otherwise we can expect up to eleven hours of sunshine.
The wind blows mostly light from east to south in the northeast from west.
four degrees tonight on the upper danube to fourteen degrees on the saar.
in the rest of the country a lot of sunshine and warmth.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the eleventh of november.
from the atlantic a new low approaches which then brings milder air with it.
Especially in the northwest it rains tonight but also in the south it rains or drizzles in some areas.
the snow limit is between six hundred and one thousand meters.
during the day it rains here and there from the northwest to the center, otherwise it rains only sporadically.
tonight six to zero degrees at the alps in places minus two degrees.
day four degrees on the mountain rim and eight degrees on the rhine and the north sea.
on friday it rains a little bit later, partly it is windy.
on saturday the sun can be seen in between.
Good evening dear viewers.
also in northern germany we had a bit of sun and here in the rhein main area at least for a few hours.
much will not change we keep for another two days the crisp cold with us that stays high as long as weather determines.
otherwise we will get the milder air from the west which will be noticeable on the weekend probably starting on Sunday with freezing rain.
s freezing cold tonight and tomorrow morning temperatures will be minus four to minus twelve degrees.
and the wind will turn from east to south and it will refresh before all things here at the North Sea it will be unpleasantly icy cold.
in the middle and in the south well it will stay grey and cloudy as the sun hardly comes out.
There is still some snow in Bavaria or at the edge of the Alps.
and everywhere in germany it will be a little colder tomorrow than today one two degrees that means in the middle in the middle of the mountains minus four to minus eight degrees.
then on Sunday comes the freezing rain and on Monday it is much milder.
Have a nice evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Tuesday, the twenty-seventh of april.
Also tomorrow cool air is still flowing to us but it will be friendlier and drier than today.
in the south light wind towards the north it blows moderately to fresh at the sea strongly.
tonight nine degrees in the east two degrees where it clears up locally there is ground frost.
day eleven to thirteen degrees at the sea twenty-one degrees in the southwest.
on wednesday there are denser clouds over the coasts which bring a few raindrops, otherwise a lot of sunshine apart from some high clouds.
on thursday it will be mostly friendly towards evening in the west and northwest first showers and thunderstorms.
on Friday, especially in the southeast half, heavy and occasionally thundery rainfall.
hello and good evening.
I greet them at the weather.
because tomorrow already comes the next deep from the west and that will drive away this mild air right away until Wednesday.
strong showers and thunderstorms are back with us.
there may be some strong thunderstorms with gales in any case.
in the east, however, the sun is still shining probably even until the evening.
only then showers and thunderstorms arrive.
and there it will be the warmest fourteen to eighteen degrees in the southeast with foehn support even twenty.
It remains somewhat cooler at the Baltic Sea.
and it gets cooler again from the west.
and also Easter is not really in sight.
now I wish you a nice evening.
Tomorrow the sun will weaken a little and humid atlantic air will reach germany.
therefore the weather is a bit more changeable.
at the weekend the high gains strength again and especially on Sunday it will be mostly sunny.
Tonight it will be partly cloudy and partly clear.
from the northwest later a few denser cloudfields spread to the center but it will probably remain dry.
in the daytime sometimes friendly and cloudy and especially in the afternoon there are showers or thunderstorms in some places which can also be strong towards the south.
then the wind will also freshen up strongly gusty, otherwise it will blow slightly to moderately from the northwest.
tonight ten to fifteen in the south seven to nine degrees.
tomorrow on the coast eighteen to twenty on the Upper Rhine to twenty-nine degrees.
on saturday there will be a change of sun and clouds in the south with local showers and thunderstorms.
in the rest of the country mostly friendly and dry.
on sunday the sun shines with up to thirty degrees.
Showers or thunderstorms are expected again in the west on Monday.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the fifth of September.
the high above norway determines our weather in the next two days.
there will be a blemish tomorrow in the east with isolated showers.
from tuesday the weather will change again it will be more changeable.
Tonight there will be some showers in the eastern half of the day, but they will subside.
Fog forms in places near rivers.
during the day a lot of sunshine during the day there are loose spring clouds which get denser in the east and can bring showers.
the wind blows weak here and there also moderate.
on the day sixteen degrees in the vogtland and twenty-two degrees in the breisgau.
on Monday it will be mostly sunny for a while only clouds in the mountains will dominate.
on tuesday in the northeast half a lot of sun from the southwest comes rain on partly it is windy.
on wednesday unsettled weather locally there will also be some thunderstorms.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Saturday, the twenty-ninth of november.
the low that sweeps across the UK will certainly be our weather tomorrow.
For now, it will remain relatively mild, but next week it will be cooler.
tonight there will be some showers at the lake, short thunderstorms are possible.
on the higher mountains it can snow.
in the morning new rain is coming from the west and it spreads eastwards in the south and southeast there is only little rain.
especially south of the danube it is also friendly in between.
in the southeast weak to moderate wind otherwise it blows moderately to fresh with strong to stormy gusts isolated are also gusts.
on the mountains partly heavy gale force gusts isolated gale-like gusts.
tonight seven to three degrees at the alps zero degree.
during the day six to ten degrees in the south to twelve degrees.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the twenty-seventh of January.
the foothills of a strong low near islands direct moist mild sea air to germany.
First snow or freezing rain fell, dangerous icy conditions must be expected.
in the east and south tonight the stars are visible in some areas, otherwise the clouds in the north are dominated by light snowfall.
from the west snow and freezing rain spread from the morning hours out of caution increased risk of slipping.
towards the evening precipitation also arrives in the eastern parts of the country.
the wind blows mainly moderate to fresh at the North Sea also strong.
there as well as on the mountains partly gusts of wind.
on monday in the east and southeast there will still be some snow or rain with a risk of slipping.
otherwise more or less clouds and only here and there some rain.
From Tuesday onwards it will be very windy and in the southwest on Wednesday almost spring-like mild.
there are many clouds and occasional rain.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the seventh of February.
a deep over the mediterranean sea brings some snow especially to the alpine region.
Further north, the cloudy but mostly dry weather remains.
from tomorrow on colder air will flow from the east to germany and in the new week there will be widespread permafrost.
tonight the sky is mostly cloudy snow falls mainly near the Alps otherwise only here and there a few flakes or drops.
in the northeast under clear skies tonight partly severe frost along the rhine one to two plus degrees.
There tomorrow two to five degrees above zero northeast of the same to minus six degrees.
The new week will be even colder, partly cloudy and partly foggy.
the sun can only rarely be seen here and there snow falls but it will not be much.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the twenty-second of july.
the high above russia will lose its influence on our weather tomorrow.
the low that moves to northern France makes it more changeable from the west.
Hot air is still flowing into the east and southeast.
during the night thundershowers must be expected which can be strong.
There are hardly any thunderstorms in the east.
during the day it will become cloudier and cloudier here and there rain or thunderstorms are possible, especially in the southeast half.
the sun shows itself longest still in the far east.
the wind blows weak to moderate with thunderstorms sometimes heavy gusts.
twenty-one degrees tonight in the berlin area fourteen degrees in the western central mountains.
in the day there twenty-two degrees to thirty-five degrees on the neisse.
the prospects on friday partly heavy showers and thunderstorms in the south and east it rains also for a longer time.
also on Saturday unsettled weather with showers and isolated thunderstorms towards the west also longer friendly phases.
on sunday sometimes sunny times clouds and only scattered showers.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday the twenty-eighth of june.
the height of the sun is shifting to the baltic states but also on monday our weather with dry and very warm air.
Tonight it will be clear again or only slightly cloudy towards tomorrow with scattered fog.
during the day it will be sunny again here and there harmless fog clouds appear, especially over the highlands there are mostly shallow fountain clouds.
in the afternoon and evening there are local heat thunderstorms in the west and southwest.
the wind blows mostly weakly from different directions.
in some valleys and hollows tonight nine on the main and rhine fifteen to sixteen degrees.
on tuesday in the eastern half sunny otherwise sometimes sunny and cloudy especially in the west and northwest some partly heavy showers and thunderstorms which can reach the east on wednesday.
on thursday the sun often shines again, especially in the west and south isolated thunderstorms are possible.
but now the nights are getting cold with us it clears up in some places also on there it is then minus ten to minus seventeen degrees at night.
and maybe even a bit of rain could fall from time to time then it will of course be very smooth.
During the day, however, only snow continues to fall cheerfully in the northwest up to the Baltic Sea coast and all this with a strong southerly wind.
but in the middle and in the south there will be no snowfall and the sun comes out.
the temperatures at the edge of the alps and on the coasts not quite as cold during the day minus two three degrees in the north partly at the north sea plus one degree.
but in the middle and in the east we keep the quite strong frost with minus three to minus eight degrees.
and in this weather situation nothing changes until thursday a little bit of snow and above all cold.
but then on Friday heavy snowfall comes from the southeast to us.
I wish you a nice evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the thirtieth of july.
Low pressure systems will take over at the start of the week.
still some strong showers and thunderstorms are on the way which fade during the night and the clouds get more and more gaps in places fog is forming.
during the day sometimes sunny and sometimes dense clouds especially in the middle and in the south develop showers and isolated thunderstorms.
on the coast here and there some rain otherwise mostly dry.
in the afternoon it gets more and more friendly.
in the north partly cooler on the coast also strong to stormy westerly winds, otherwise it is mostly weak and comes from west to northwest.
in some mountain valleys tonight eight to nine on the coast to fifteen degrees.
on the edge of the Alps tomorrow seventeen on the Rhine and in Lusatia up to twenty-four degrees.
from there some strong showers and thunderstorms will spread on Sunday.
in the southeast for a longer time.
on Monday again changeable and cooler.
at last he is my ladies and gentlemen of the long awaited rain.
and with that good evening.
quite common in germany, more than twenty to forty litres of rain per square metre have already fallen in these first five days of december.
in the Black Forest there were even one hundred and seven.
and also this night there will be more snow and rain.
it snows in front of everything from the Black Forest to the Bavarian Forest, but also for example in the Western Forest.
Tomorrow the snowfall in the southeast will slowly ease then the weather calms down before new rain from the west approaches in the evening.
so prepare yourself for dangerous road conditions in front of all things in the south and west of germany.
you have to expect abundant snowfall at the edge of the Alps.
But it can be everywhere because the temperatures drop to zero degrees.
Tomorrow it will be cold in bavaria with highs between one and three degrees.
otherwise between four and seven degrees are reached.
and when in the morning the snowfalls in the southeast slowly decrease, from time to time the sun appears.
on the North Sea coast we have to prepare for thunderstorms and sleet showers.
It is wet and cold and rather uncomfortable with little sun then it continues also in the next days.
Have a nice evening.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the third of February.
a low slope directs clouds and mild air to germany.
the clouds are crossing us tonight and tomorrow with rain and some snow.
at the weekend, milder air and lots of wind will bring double digits.
Tonight it will rain in the north-west and snow will fall locally and it could get dangerously slippery again.
Otherwise mostly dry but often cloudy.
Tomorrow it will also be cloudy.
in the middle there is partly freezing rain which turns into snow on the way to the southeast while it loosens up again towards the northwest.
tonight three degrees in north friesland at minus fifteen at the edge of the alps.
tomorrow in the southeast, minus two in the northwest already up to seven degrees plus.
It will be milder in the next few days.
there is also stormy rain weather in the north, very windy at the coast.
in the south partly friendly and mostly dry.
on sunday at least the wind after otherwise little changes.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the twenty-eighth of October.
Lows over north and northwest Europe will bring a lot of clouds and some rain to northern germany tomorrow.
otherwise there is high air pressure and milder air flows to us in germany.
During the night it rains a little bit between rheinland pfalz and brandenburg as well as north of it.
also during the day especially in the north and northwest rain showers initially also fall in the middle a few drops.
the clouds loosen up during the day in the south and southeast after fog sometimes sun sometimes clouds.
in the north the wind blows moderately to fresh there with showers as well as strong to stormy gusts in the North Sea.
on day eight degrees in the Allgäu up to fifteen degrees in the Upper Rhine.
on friday the sun often shines as soon as the fog is gone in the north many clouds on the coasts a little rain.
on Saturday sunny clouds and fog in the evening in the west and northwest some rain.
on sunday it will be very cloudy here and there with some heavy fog.
Germany still lies between low and high air pressure.
also the temperature gradient from southwest to northeast remains.
Here and there there there is also some rain or snow but not much falls in the next few days.
Tonight it is snowing in the north, otherwise locally some rain may freeze towards the east.
away from the clouds and fog fields occasionally also the sun comes into play.
here and there some rain falls in the eastern half partially freezes or turns into snow.
light to moderate in the northeast also fresh winds from east to southeast.
on or tonight minus five on the Lower Rhine to plus four degrees.
at the east sea tomorrow still slightly frosty along the Rhine mild eleven degrees.
in the next few days there will be clouds and fog fields and occasionally also sunshine, especially in the west.
Towards the east there may be a few snowflakes here and there but mostly it stays dry.
between the low over eastern germany and a high pressure zone over scandinavia, much colder air flows to germany.
the consequence it is increasingly wintry.
During the night it sometimes rains heavily.
in the east and in the middle, the snowfall limit sometimes drops to medium altitudes, otherwise to one thousand to six hundred meters.
during the day in the northwest and west a few gaps in the cloud cover.
Particularly in the south it rains or snows heavily and the snowfall limit continues to decrease.
tonight on the mountains there are still gusts of wind during the day.
tonight eight degrees in the rhineland and zero degrees in the uckermark.
during the day, the values increase to a maximum of one to nine degrees.
on saturday it snows in the southeast occasionally otherwise it rains or snows only here and there.
on sunday it snows a little bit on the coasts.
on monday it snows only sporadically.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Saturday, the twenty-ninth of May.
later on clouds of low pressure will reach the west of the UK.
during the night it clears up in large parts of the country during the day it is mostly friendly in the south there especially south of the Danube there can be some thundery showers.
in the afternoon denser clouds move into the west and northwest in some places it rains.
in the north and west the wind blows light to moderate otherwise only light wind from different directions.
fifteen degrees in the north sea and up to twenty-three degrees in the south.
on Sunday it is unsettled weather everywhere and it is windy.
also on monday many clouds here and there rain in the northwest there are glimpses of light.
on tuesday it is partly friendly only at the alps it still rains from time to time.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday the fourteenth of july.
otherwise only isolated showers partly it is also clear.
from the Upper Rhine to the Erzgebirge falls especially in the morning still partly heavy rain.
twelve degrees tonight on the coast to eighteen degrees in the southwest.
tomorrow temperatures from twenty-two degrees in the vogtland to thirty on the danube.
on wednesday especially in the southeast half again strong scattered thundery showers and thunderstorms sometimes sunny and cloudy.
on thursday a few thunderstorms mostly friendly in the south.
on Friday heavy showers and thunderstorms are coming from the west.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday the seventeenth of july.
the foothill of a low near scotland crosses germany from west to east.
warm air flows in before cooler sea air spreads.
Strong thunderstorms could develop over the southeast tomorrow at the air mass boundary.
tomorrow the band of rain shifts towards the east in lausitz and southeastern Bavaria before it starts to rain there as well. Some strong thunderstorms develop.
in the northwest half it then loosens up again.
moderate to fresh southwesterly winds with strong gusts near thunderstorms danger of gale force winds.
on the Rhine and Main tonight still warm seventeen.
on the edge of the Alps nine degrees.
Tomorrow only in the east and southeast still summery values otherwise it will be significantly cooler.
in the new week it will stay cool in most regions of germany for the time of the year with many clouds and scattered showers with thunder and lightning.
from time to time the sun shows up.
Good evening dear viewers.
sun and fog are also close together tomorrow.
the sun came then in rheinhessen for example in the morning it was still a bit foggy.
it goes on for the time being in southern germany still has the high existed.
but at the same time a small deep here from the atlantic comes to us very fast.
but tonight it will be frosty again almost everywhere.
there are then in northern Germany so zero to minus two degrees in the south to minus five degrees and only in the west and northwest it remains sometimes frost-free.
Tomorrow we will also have the highest temperatures of thirteen degrees on the Lower Rhine, as in early spring, also in the west ten to twelve degrees a bit cooler with five to nine degrees in the east.
at the beginning it starts with a lot of sunshine with thick fog fields in southern germany not everyone will dissolve here tomorrow.
in northern germany there are denser clouds in the morning. In the afternoon it starts to rain so from the lower rhine to schleswig holstein.
and then the wind gets stronger and blows from south to southwest.
friday will be rather a cloudy day in germany hardly any sunshine but then for the weekend it gets a bit sunnier but also colder in the east and snow falls.
Have a nice evening and do well.
Good evening dear viewers.
in the west it snows again at the weekend it gets muddy with us.
there is again a small snowfall area with cold air moving against the alps tonight.
and tomorrow you can see it at the red arrow then the warm air slides up to the north sea partly again with rain.
so tonight the snowfall area will continue over the low mountain ranges towards the alps with another five centimetres of fresh snow.
Here in the northeast it will be clear and freezing cold minus six to minus eight degrees.
It's about zero degrees in the west.
and here it will be during the day at the mildest temperatures three to six degrees.
and in the morning it will still be snowing at the edge of the Alps.
Otherwise it will be mostly dry and sunny, especially in the northeast.
In the afternoon new clouds move on the north sea bringing first snow but then also fast rain.
it can get very slippery and also the rain and snow here in the southeast of the southwest slowly decreases.
yes then it gets really muddy at the weekend.
rain on Saturday sleet on Sunday.
and next week it will be freezing cold again.
Have a nice evening and do well.
Dear viewers good evening.
this afternoon was actually a fantastic start for the easter weather but unfortunately it does not stay that way.
you can already see the edge of a cloud and thunderstorm front.
and in the afternoon the sky has darkened in many places like here in Bremen.
and in the course of the afternoon and evening a whole chain of thunderstorms developed which is located between the north sea and Bavaria.
there has been some hail and heavy rain and these thunderstorms and heavy downpours will now move further northeast.
is still partly accompanied by a thunderstorm.
and also here from the west new showers are coming in also there may be some thunderstorms before all things also stormy gusts.
Tomorrow the whole thing is mostly over in the northeast still remnants of the rainband and in the west only isolated showers but otherwise also sun.
and in the afternoon there will be strong showers and thunderstorms with stormy gusts in the northeast and the west.
and in the higher mountains there may be sleet or snow showers.
It will be considerably cooler tomorrow, so we have seven degrees in the Eifel and thirteen on the same.
the next few days will be changeable not without sun the friday actually still quite friendly.
and Saturday at least two degrees warmer.
and now I wish you a nice evening.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the twenty-fourth of September.
the weather changes temporarily.
during the day partly cloudy partly sunny Most often the sun can be seen between the ems and the or as well as in the extreme south.
especially in the middle it rains here and there also on the coasts some showers.
in the south the wind blows weak otherwise weak to moderate on the coasts fresh from the west.
fourteen degrees on the Lower Rhine tonight seven degrees on the Alps.
on the day fifteen degrees under clouds to twenty-three degrees in the breisgau.
on saturday it is foggy, later the sun shines.
at the coasts and in the very south it is sometimes cloudy.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday, the fifteenth of march.
Tomorrow, high air pressure will bring fairly friendly weather to the southwest of germany.
to the northeast the very cold air steers and there are also a lot of clouds that bring some rain.
Especially in the vicinity of the Baltic Sea it occasionally rains tonight.
in the southwest it will be partly cloudy, partly clear and dry locally fog will form.
Also tomorrow in the north and east there are mostly dense clouds on the way here and there drizzle.
the wind blows moderately fresh in the north and strong at the sea from east to northeast.
Overnight temperatures range from zero to seven degrees in the northwest to eight degrees.
along the rhine tomorrow springlike seventeen to nineteen at the east sea only cool three degrees.
on wednesday mostly cloudy especially northeast of the same some rain in the föhn clears up the clouds and there it remains mild.
In the next few days, however, it cools down further and on Thursday, partly longer lasting rainfall must be expected.
on friday there is some snow in the highlands.
Dear viewers good evening.
the heat continues over eastern Europe and this also extends to the eastern Mediterranean.
no rain in sight because the lowlands already turn to the north but with us changeable weather.
little high influence but all the more profound influence and accordingly changeable.
tonight but moving rain in the east and south partly quite fresh the night only single digits values also in the southeast.
and tomorrow morning the sun is shining between the east sea and the edge of the Alps and also in the south.
in the west there are already some denser clouds on the way with little rain.
In the afternoon it will rain a bit more, especially in the northwest.
the rain is moving slowly eastwards towards the same but still it will probably not arrive there before evening.
and also in the south it remains largely dry.
the temperatures look quite good tomorrow twenty four degrees in the northeast also otherwise mostly over twenty degrees.
only at the North Sea with seaweed stays slightly cooler.
s going to be changeable in the next days with showers and thunderstorms.
the maximum temperature is about twenty-five degrees but in between the sun will always be visible.
with that I wish you a good evening.
in the western half of Germany it will be quite friendly tomorrow under the influence of high pressure.
to the east there is a deep cloud and showers.
tonight there are sometimes denser clouds, sometimes it is loosened or clear.
A few drops also fall locally but mostly it stays dry.
the snowfall limit drops to nine hundred to six hundred meters.
light to moderate at the east sea fresh northerly wind with strong gusts close to showers.
on the east sea and in the vogtland tomorrow fresh seven degrees, otherwise nine to fifteen degrees in the breisgau to sixteen degrees.
on sunday there are many clouds and some showers in the highlands partly snow or sleet.
a gusty northeasterly wind blows.
Also in the new week it will remain changeable and cool.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Saturday, the fourth of june.
High air pressure brings a lot of sunshine to northern germany tomorrow.
warm humid air in the south continues to advance into the middle, resulting in showers and thunderstorms.
on sunday the sweltering air reaches the north.
isolated showers and thunderstorms fade during the night in the southeast and in the very south in the middle and in the north it is clear.
the day starts friendly especially in the north the sun shines until the evening.
in the south and in the middle spring clouds develop from which they later brew thunderstorms in places.
Apart from the thunderstorms, the wind is moderate to moderate.
tonight sixteen degrees in the southwest in the northeast to eight degrees.
twenty-four to thirty degrees a day on the coasts only twenty.
on sunday partly cloudy and partly thunderstorms.
similar weather on Monday and also on Tuesday it is changeable.
sunshine and clouds occasionally with strong showers and thunderstorms.
between a high pressure zone over southern Europe and an extensive low over the North Sea, a vibrant western current is emerging.
which is strengthened by a storm that moves from the Biscay over northern Germany to the Baltic Sea.
in the northwest in the afternoon isolated thunderstorms.
later the rain reaches also the lausitz and the southeast of bavaria while it loosens up from the west.
the wind blows moderately to fresh temporarily strong there are gusts of wind sometimes also heavy gusts possible on the mountains gale force gusts.
tomorrow temperatures from eleven degrees in the sauerland to twenty-one degrees at the eastern edge of the alps.
Also on Friday it will remain very windy and partly stormy.
in the northern half rainy southwards hardly any rain and occasionally friendly.
at the weekend changeable and a little cooler.
the deep in norway will bring changeable and very windy weather tomorrow, especially in the northwest half of germany.
during the night a narrow band of rain shifts from the northwest to the southeast.
at the north sea there are still some partly thundery showers.
during the day clouds dominate in the northwest half and there are a few showers.
in the southern half also friendly sections.
During the night, temperatures drop to between nine and zero degrees.
in the course of the day temperatures rise to seven degrees in the sauerland south of the danube to thirteen degrees.
It is partly windy.
on Saturday there will be rain from the west and it will be very windy at times.
on sunday it rains here and there, especially in the northern half.
Dear viewers good evening.
april weather from the coast to the alps.
but it looked completely different from bright sunshine in the north in the south against it many clouds partly rain or rain showers.
yes, how does this come about.
due to the weather conditions the high altitudes over scandinavia brings dry cool air to the north at the same time flows from the east humid and mild air to us with many clouds partly rain.
tonight mainly from eifel black forest to the bavarian forest.
north and south of it dry and partly clear.
and then it gets cold accordingly.
in the rain it stays cool even on the coasts.
but in northern germany if the sun shines a little there are also quite thirteen to sixteen degrees.
the next few days do not bring the breakthrough to the spring weather.
it remains mixed but at least it will be a bit milder during the week.
now I wish you a nice evening.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the thirtieth of june.
the low over Scandinavia diverts tomorrow temporarily cooler air to northern germany.
during the night there are some strong thunderstorms possible later on it is mostly dry.
during the day sun and clouds develop in the course of isolated showers or thunderstorms which can also be strong in the south.
in the north hardly any showers.
during the day, the values rise to eighteen degrees on the North Sea and thirty degrees on the Upper Rhine.
on thursday mostly the sun shines, especially in the south and east it is cloudy here and there with isolated showers and thunderstorms.
on friday a lot of sunshine also on saturday mostly the sun shines in the west half later partly thundery showers.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the sixteenth of october.
the deep that extends from the north sea to the southeast connects with the deep over central europe.
with it everywhere in germany low air pressure prevails.
for the high altitudes of the Erzgebirge severe weather warnings of the german weather service are valid.
is warned of fresh snow and snow drifts.
During the night and also during the day, snow or sleet has to be expected in places up to low altitudes in the eastern half.
tonight values between five degrees at the east sea and minus four degrees in the black forest.
on saturday in the west and northwest partly sunny and partly cloudy.
otherwise it rains locally.
in the highland snow.
on sunday some rain or sleet in the east and southeast otherwise sunny and cloudy.
also on monday a mixture of sunny clouds and fog on the coasts it rains a bit.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the seventh of january.
Tonight it snows here and there only slightly localised fog precaution due to slippage.
during the day the clouds are mostly close together in places it remains foggy cloudy here and there it snows a little.
this particularly affects the north and west of the country.
the wind blows weakly from different directions.
tonight minus four degrees to minus eighteen degrees it clears longer to minus twenty degrees.
Temperatures during the day range from minus nine to zero degrees.
on friday there will be snowfalls in the southeast half, the wind is picking up and traffic disruption has to be expected in the highlands with snow drifts.
Dear viewers good evening.
this satellite image of germany looks almost like a streuelkuchen germany under many clouds many showers it was driest in the northeast and there also warmest.
but there is improvement in sight.
the rain is slowly getting less because this is getting closer and closer to germany.
and so the weather can calm down considerably.
tonight the showers will retreat more and more towards the edge of the alps and partly a bit of fog will form.
Tomorrow then slow improvement in the coastal area still quite dense clouds of stormy wind towards the northeast friendly and dry.
in the west still showers on the way but less in the afternoon.
but to the south in the southeast there will probably still be some showers until the evening.
in terms of temperature, tomorrow will not be much seventeen eighteen degrees in the southeast with rain partly twenty-four in the northeast twenty-one on the coasts so just as warm as the water.
but the weekend has a lot to offer especially the saturday.
on Sunday there will be showers and thunderstorms from the northwest and on Monday for all again more showers and cooler overall.
now I wish you a nice evening.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Saturday, the twelfth of February.
Tomorrow there will be an air mass barrier across Germany.
It separates cold air in the northeast from very mild air in the southwest.
in the area of this border it rains or snows occasionally tomorrow.
from North Rhine-Westphalia via Hesse to Bavaria it will rain at times tonight on the northeastern edge of the precipitation area it will snow later.
during the day the sun can be seen between the east sea and the ore mountains even in the southwest.
in between occasional rain or snow or freezing rain.
the wind blows light to moderate in the northwest also fresh.
tonight seven degrees on the lower rhine and minus five degrees in the north.
on the day zero degrees on Rügen and thirteen degrees in the breisgau.
the outlook on sunday it will rain a little bit in the northeast freezing rain or snow.
It gets friendliest in the south.
monday is also nice in the south in the west here and there rain in the northeast.
The weather will remain unsettled on Tuesday.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the twenty-eighth of February.
the strong low moving towards schleswig holstein will cause turbulent weather tomorrow with gusts of wind up to gale force winds.
It remains mild.
during the night there will be some heavy rain in the west and southwest and it will spread until the middle of the morning.
during the day it rains more frequently in the northwest half and for longer periods than in the southeast half.
there are also sunny parts.
the wind refreshes from the west strong to stormy on caution because of heavy gales to gale-like gusts on the mountains gale-force gusts.
on monday it is quite friendly and dry in the south otherwise occasionally rain or sleet in the highlands and at the east sea also snow.
in the northeast it will still be stormy.
on tuesday sunny times clouds in the northeast half and in the alps snow or rain showers.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday, the fifth december.
during the night heavy rain spreads over the middle and the south.
it snows partly in the central mountains later also on the mountains in the south.
during the day it snows or rains at the edge of the Alps for a long time.
otherwise single rain snow and sleet showers in between also sometimes longer sunny periods.
gale force winds on the mountains at night in the south.
on the day moderate to fresh wind in gusts it blows strong to stormy on the mountains heavy gusts.
Seven degrees at night in southeastern Bavaria and zero degrees in the redhead mountains.
on wednesday it occasionally rains in the east and partly snows on the mountains.
also on Thursday from time to time rain.
Good evening dear viewers.
a new storm is looming.
tomorrow evening it reaches the North Sea coast with a hurricane depth in the center over the northern North Sea with one hundred and forty kilometers per hour wind speed.
before the storm, the rain in the northwest will continue tomorrow afternoon.
yes tonight there are also some gusts of wind now they are in the middle and in the south along with snowfall now in the south.
in the east it is still raining in the middle we still have showers.
and there are also some thunderstorms.
s going to be cold this night but frosty only in bavaria at the edge of the alps down to minus two degrees otherwise it is just too windy for frost.
and tomorrow the temperatures change little mostly it is three to ten degrees.
the morning brings sunshine and clouds in germany at first a few snow showers moving eastwards.
and then the clouds are getting denser here at the north sea and in the afternoon it rains in the northwest.
that means continuous rain from the Eifel to the east coast and the wind increases in the evening there are first gusts of wind from the southwest.
in the night to friday and on friday gale force winds over northern germany and the north sea with rain in the middle and after the hurricane.
it will become cooler at the weekend with snow or sleet showers.
Have a nice evening and do well.
the high above the baltic states moves to russia and will bring even more sunshine tomorrow, especially to eastern germany.
in the southwest there are a lot of clouds tonight here and there a few flakes in the northeast mostly clear.
Clouds dominate towards the west and in the afternoon some snow or freezing rain falls in some areas.
the wind blows light to moderate in the north also fresh south to southeast.
on the Upper Rhine tonight under clouds minus five in the east under clear skies to minus twenty degrees.
on the Rhine morning already first plusdegrees otherwise it remains frosty everywhere.
in the new week during the day frost-free in the west even mild.
there are more or less clouds here and there sunshine and on Tuesday widespread rain.
little has changed in the weather conditions.
and so the new week starts with a lot of clouds bringing some snow towards the west in the eastern half of germany.
also in the night snow falls from foothills of Pomerania to Bavaria in some areas in the lowlands can also be freezing rain.
in the rest of the country there are only a few drops or flakes here and there.
in the vicinity of the Alps as well as in parts in the north.
during the day you can see the sun on or off, otherwise many clouds.
in the east and southeast some places snow is falling in the west and northwest here and there light rain.
the wind blows light to moderate at the North Sea also fresh from east west to northwest.
in the northwest tonight to plus three degrees at the edge of the alps under clear skies severe frost.
in the allgäu tomorrow minus three in the emsland to plus six degrees.
on wednesday the sun may show up again in some areas.
and on Thursday it will be a bit friendlier but also colder.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the fifth of may.
in the southern alpine region, a strong Mediterranean depth is partly responsible for severe weather.
also the south of germany gets a weakened form of these rainfalls while the weather in the northern half is quite friendly tomorrow under intermediate high pressure.
Already tonight it will be clear or only loosely cloudy north of the main in the south with occasional rain.
in the southern half also tomorrow many clouds here and there rain or drizzle.
farther north the sun often shines later accompanied by some swelling clouds but it remains dry.
in the south and southwest partly fresh wind with gale force winds in the highlands, otherwise it blows light to moderate from the northeast.
Under clear skies tonight, light frost in places in the southeast, however, up to plus eight degrees.
there tomorrow to seventeen degrees, otherwise fifteen to eleven on the Baltic ten degrees.
on thursday many clouds and partly abundant rainfall in the southeast thunderstorms.
Also tomorrow low air pressure will bring rain to northern germany.
the south brings a lot of sun.
because the air pressure differences are still large the wind in the north reaches partly still gale force.
and there it rains still partly longer continuously today otherwise only here and there some rain in the south often clear.
at the lake and in the high altitudes heavy gusts of wind further south usually only weak to moderate.
minus three degrees tonight at the edge of the alps plus ten in cologne bay.
on the North Sea tomorrow six on the Upper Rhine very mild fifteen degrees.
on monday in coastal areas rain and in gusts stormy in the center and in the south, on the other hand, widespread sunshine.
from tuesday cooler again and there will be some rain and snow in the highlands.
but on wednesday it gets friendlier again.
and we also had to deal with rain that is moving towards the northeast tonight or will reach that.
and from the west southwest there are some strong thunderstorms after which, however, decrease in the course of the night.
The most frequent sunshine is on the coast and also in schleswig holstein.
in the south it still looks different many clouds often showers and thunderstorms.
In terms of temperature, it will remain cooler in the north at most seventeen degrees.
in the south at least seventeen to twenty degrees.
and also the Friday of the is still rather mixed.
Saturday will be a lot friendlier, probably the friendliest day of the weekend.
and on Sunday it will be at least slightly mixed.
these are the prospects i wish you a nice evening.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the twenty-first of july.
The low over the UK will see thunderstorms later in the day towards the west.
the night runs mostly clear only at the north sea and in the far east a few cloudfields.
in the daytime a lot of sun only direction or short showers in the western half and in the alps it gets cloudier in the afternoon.
Some heavy showers and thunderstorms are expected, especially in the west and northwest.
the wind blows light to moderate at the North Sea also fresh.
twenty-five degrees a day on rebukes, and thirty-five degrees in space.
on thursday more clouds than sun here and there showers and thunderstorms which can be severe in the eastern half and in the south.
on Friday there will be some heavy thundershowers.
also on Saturday unsettled weather with showers and isolated thunderstorms in the east it rains occasionally profitably.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the twenty-first of February.
Germany remains under pressure.
tomorrow still cold sea air determines our weather.
Starting Monday, a new Atlantic low of much milder air was moving in.
and so the precipitation turns into rain again next week.
tonight there will be some snow showers in the west and in the middle there may be more heavy snow in the lowlands later.
Tomorrow there will be snow in the eastern highlands, also in the west and in the middle mostly cloudy and sometimes sunny.
rain or sleet towards evening in the northwest.
at the lake tonight partly gusts of wind.
light to moderate on the coast tomorrow, occasionally fresh winds from west to south.
tonight again light frost at the edge of the Alps down to minus eight degrees.
In the new week it will be milder but it will remain changeable.
on monday quite windy up to and including wednesday snow may still fall in the north otherwise mainly rain but also the sun can be seen again and again.
hello and good evening.
we still sit a bit between our chairs in the weather between warmer and colder a few centimetres of fresh snow today in northern germany.
and these chairs do not really come into being.
because we still have the mildly humid air from the west and still the cold air from the east, but there will be snow and rain at least less.
but tonight it can still be the case a little bit of snow is still falling on the coast and also in northern germany it can still be partly slippery.
to the south in the central mountains here and there some rain and at the edge of the Alps also some snow or rain.
we also have the coldest air over the northeast there is the focus.
but also in the eastern half frosty in the west plus degrees.
and tomorrow there will be hardly any rain or snow, but there will not be too much sun in the north.
but the temperature differences remain large minus two degrees on Rügen and plus eleven degrees on the Rhine and also on the Upper Rhine.
In the next few days it will be split into two parts.
occasionally the cold spills a bit to the west but overall it will only rain or snow a little.
with that I wish you a nice evening.
a deep determines the weather in central europe and the adjacent regions.
The heaviest rain will fall in the coming days from the Balkans to Austria and Poland, especially in the south-east.
in the southern half of Bavaria it is raining quite a bit tonight.
in the course of the day the rain center shifts from the south to the center in the northwest it is dry and sometimes the sun comes out.
in the north and northeast light to moderate wind, otherwise it usually blows only weakly.
tonight eight degrees in berlin and two degrees in the northwest.
on the day seven degrees in vogtland and fourteen degrees on the or.
in the night to saturday it rains abundantly on saturday in the southeast and on the coasts.
on sunday it rains heavily in the east and southeast and it is windy otherwise only isolated showers towards northwest sunny moments.
Also on Monday there will be some sunshine in some areas.
Good evening dear viewers.
winter is coming.
From now on it will be colder.
our deep rain that brings us the rain at the moment that moves from northern germany towards the alps.
already tomorrow evening it snows down to about five hundred meters.
Tonight, however, we still have a lot of rain over the middle mountains.
who moves on to the alps.
Tomorrow morning it snows down to seven hundred meters and the temperatures do not reach frost but close to zero degrees.
at least in the east and south while in the west it remains much milder.
and these are in the end already the highest temperatures of the day so eight degrees in the west but only two degrees in the east and south.
light rain or snow falls again and again in the low mountain ranges.
but heavy snow and rain fall on the alps.
then there is permafrost almost everywhere from sunday.
only snow hardly falls any more.
Have a nice evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the third of february.
a strong low in denmark brings us heavy snowfalls tonight with partly stormy winds.
the German weather service has issued severe weather warnings.
Tomorrow it snows partly continuously in the south.
tonight there is widespread heavy snowfall in some lowlands also rain it has to be expected with dangerous slippage and especially in the highlands with severe snow drifts.
during the day it snows or rains especially in the south even longer otherwise apart from dense clouds still some sun towards the northeast still some snow showers.
danger of gale force winds on the mountains during the night, partly gale force winds.
tomorrow moderate in the north fresh to strong westerly winds.
tonight widespread values around freezing point in the breisgau up to plus three degrees.
there tomorrow five degrees otherwise three to zero in vogtland minus one degree.
Also in the following days it will be cloudy but a bit milder.
Thursday and Friday there will be some sunshine here and there but mostly it will remain cloudy and there will be some snow or rain.
a huge low pressure system pushes the rain areas towards us tonight over france.
Tomorrow morning it starts to rain, partly with snow.
but there can be ground frost under clear skies and then it will be slippery even there.
we have a lot of fog fields in the east and partly in the south.
and tomorrow morning at the beginning it starts to rain there in the saarland and baden wuerttemberg. In the beginning, as I said, there may also be snow.
and the whole thing with plus one and seven degrees permafrost actually only in the middle mountains and perhaps again so completely in the northeast.
otherwise it is much milder.
on Saturday it will be mostly cloudy.
and also on Sunday it gets a bit cooler from the east and what is missing is the sunshine.
I wish you a good evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the fourteenth of july.
Heavy thunderstorms are also on the way tonight, especially in the southeastern half of Germany.
there are severe weather warnings of the German weather service.
Tonight there will be some heavy and thundery rain, especially in the first half of the night.
Tomorrow it will rain heavily in the north and west, especially near the coast, also south of the Danube.
Hurricane-like gusts are possible tonight near thunderstorms.
tomorrow in the north and in the middle fresh to strong in gusts of gale force winds.
there will be no heavy gusts on the mountains.
in the eifel tonight nine on the spree to eighteen degrees.
on friday the rain in the north leaves partly cloudy and local showers.
similar weather also on Saturday.
on sunday it starts to rain again in the north and west.
Good evening dear viewers.
so the storm low is already over the UK tonight with the rain moving over the north sea and north germany and that means there may be snow in the east at the beginning.
but there will be more mild air tomorrow with a new rain pack for the south.
so in the west we have spring air over western europe tomorrow ten to fifteen degrees and the frost is pushed far eastwards.
east of Poland we still have it with zero to minus five degrees.
and the gusts of wind do not let up, they are from the south and it gets frosty only at the edge of the Alps.
minus five degrees otherwise in the east zero degree because the wet can freeze over again before the clouds come with snow and rain.
and during the day it gets mildly really mild, especially in the east but also three to eight degrees and in the west even nine to twelve degrees you can hardly enjoy these twelve degrees.
it rains mainly in the middle and south all day long.
it is literally pouring the rain northeast of the same lets down at the north sea the sun can come out and a stormy wind continues to blow from the southwest.
yes the next few days a bit milder.
Wednesday up to eighteen degrees Thursday and Friday little wintry instead of snow falls rain.
Have a nice evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow saturday the third december.
our weather at the weekend is determined by a low pressure system that reaches from the north atlantic to central europe.
during the day rain comes up in the northwest, otherwise the sun may show up first and the rain in the southeast of bavaria abates.
in the course of the day the rain from the northwest spreads further on the mountains with snow.
the wind blows moderately often fresh with stormy gusts on the coasts and in the mountains sometimes heavy gusts.
tonight five to minus one degree especially in the middle mountains caution due to slippage.
on the day then four degrees in east Hessen and up to ten degrees in the area aachen.
on sunday in the south rain in the north and partly it is very windy.
Clouds of low over southern Scandinavia pass over germany tonight.
Tomorrow afternoon will be followed by rain clouds of another low over iceland.
during the day it clears up in the late morning it starts to rain west of the rhine.
the partly heavy rainfall spreads to large parts of the country until the evening.
at the Baltic Sea and in the low mountain ranges snow is possible at first.
the wind blows moderately fresh in the north.
in the evening then also in the west fresh wind on the mountain gusts.
tonight four degrees in the Upper Rhine and minus one degree in the East.
one degree on reprimand and nine degrees in cologne.
on thursday there will be some rain and on friday it will still rain in the north and northeast.
otherwise next to clouds sun.
On Saturday it will be cloudy here and there in the north and it will be windy.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday the twelfth of november.
the low over eastern europe still influences the weather in northeastern germany tomorrow.
Otherwise, a weak high becomes only fleetingly apparent.
already during the day clouds of a low over the atlantic reach us from the southwest.
Milder air flows in with them.
in the night it rains or drizzles especially in the coasts where it clears up must be reckoned with slippage.
in the day it rains first in the south.
once the fog is gone, the sun can still show in the areas in between.
tonight five degrees in the northeast and minus five degrees in the alps.
then twelve degrees in the Rhineland.
on friday it rains occasionally in the northern half.
on saturday it rains in some places but also bright spots at ten to seventeen degrees.
Dear viewers good evening.
the cool and mixed weather conjures up marvellous skyscapes like today at the north sea.
but it also produces plenty of rain and showers that flow in the cool air towards the edge of the alpine and bring heavy rain there tonight.
otherwise there are showers, the snowfall limit drops during the night to around eight hundred meters.
and tomorrow will be a cool day, we will probably only reach the ten degrees at the Baltic Sea in the middle mountains, especially things in the east and also in the south will not even reach the five degrees.
there are also many clouds in the coastal area in between a bit of sun strong showers stormy west northwest wind with gusts of wind at the north sea.
It will be a bit drier and friendlier to the east of the same but also to the south.
towards the edge of the Alps before all things rain in higher altitudes then also sleet and snow showers.
the snowfall limit will decrease even further tomorrow to around five hundred metres.
the next few days will be better, drier and friendlier if we take out the north.
and at the weekend it will not be so cold anymore.
and now I wish you a nice evening.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the twenty-second of july.
during the day some occasionally heavy showers and thunderstorms, especially in the northwest half in the southeast more sunshine.
with showers and thunderstorms heavy gusts are possible otherwise the wind blows light to moderate in the north also fresh.
at night twenty degrees on the Rhine twelve degrees on the Alps.
twenty-one degrees at the North Sea and thirty-two degrees in southern bavaria.
on thursday in the southeast there will be showers and thunderstorms which can be severe.
on friday there will be some showers or thunderstorms, especially in the north.
also on Saturday variable quite cool weather.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the seventeenth of January.
atlantic low foothills bring us partly heavy precipitation tonight and tomorrow which increasingly turns into rain in the western half of germany.
Towards the east there is still snow, but it can be very slick everywhere.
in the northeast it will remain dry until tomorrow but snow will fall there during the day.
in the western parts of the country it is mostly rain.
the wind blows partly fresh with strong to stormy gusts on the mountains also heavy gusts.
snowdrifts are possible.
on the Upper Rhine tonight plus three or near to minus four degrees.
Tomorrow temperatures range from minus one degree in the northeast to quite mild plus six degrees in the southwest.
on monday many clouds and especially in the east partly snowfall.
in the southwest is partly friendly.
also in the following days some snow falls here and there.
the sun is rarely seen.
Dear viewers good evening.
the weekend storm cleared the leaves of many trees quite well but the drought is still an issue.
significant rain will also fall during the week because this band of rain that is coming in now is dissolving more and more on its way to the southeast.
affected tonight by some rain the whole northwest will be the east coast and then during the night also the eifel, while in the southeast not much is happening.
there is again quite dense fog and still light frost down to minus three degrees while it remains frost-free.
the rain clouds have moved away tomorrow already further that means in the north it will be dry sun and clouds of stormy wind at first still at the Baltic Sea and on the Lower Rhine maybe sometimes the eleven degrees.
but this is already the highest of the temperature sensations.
towards the south there are still the remaining clouds that can bring a few drops locally, from the Erzgebirge thuringia forest to the black forest.
south of it before all things so around the danube it stays pretty thick with the fog and there only four degrees.
only at the edge of the Alps the sun comes out again and then also ten degrees are reached.
in the next few days so from thursday onwards comes more rain with more lows and on the weekend the next storm because it winds strongly again.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the eighth april.
between the high above Western Europe and the low above Scandinavia and russia, fresh sea air flows to us.
the low pressure will bring some clouds tomorrow in the north and east of germany in the other parts of the country, the weather will certainly be high pressure.
during the night some clouds are moving over us, especially in the west it is clear.
during the day it is cloudy from the Black Forest to the Alps, otherwise the sun often shines in the south and west.
in the middle mountains tonight with two degrees local ground frost at the alps nine degrees.
day ten degrees at the north sea twenty-one degrees in the breisgau.
on Saturday it will be cloudy during the day it will be more and more friendly.
on sunday lots of sunshine.
also on monday fair weather with sunny and loose clouds will dominate for a time.
that moves up to poland provides sunshine in the eastern half of germany tomorrow.
from the west the clouds of an atlantic low spread and bring at the end of this very low precipitation month nevertheless still some rain.
later single cloudfields appear in the southwest.
which will become more numerous tomorrow in the western half and dense, there will be some scattered showers with thunder and lightning.
in the east and southeast it will remain mostly sunny and dry until evening.
light to moderate wind from south to southwest in the vicinity of showers.
in the Lüneburger heide tonight minus four in the breisgau up to plus five degrees.
Thursday and Friday will be mostly cloudy rather than sunny with some rain.
In the course of Friday it will become sunnier in the southwest on Saturday almost the whole country.
thereby new temperature records could be set for the beginning of april in some regions.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Saturday, the twenty-eighth of May.
In the North West, however, the deep freeze between Iceland and Scotland is beginning to be felt with fresh rain.
in the southeast it is still raining in some areas tonight otherwise at first isolated showers then it clears up widespread.
during the day in the southeast showers in the rest of the country a mostly friendly mixture of sun and clouds.
the wind blows weak in the north and west moderate to fresh with strong on the coast with stormy gusts.
near the coast tonight ten otherwise two to nine degrees in the middle local ground frost.
significantly warmer in the next few days.
on sunday mostly sunny in the north here and there showers.
Also on Monday a lot of sunshine in the afternoon, some showers and thunderstorms.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the fourth november.
they make sure that it rains heavily during the night and tomorrow.
Even after that it will remain with rather changeable weather.
during the night comes from the west heavy rain on which later turns into showers.
on the day it rains first in the east half in the northeast also for a longer time partly there is snow or sleet in high altitudes snow.
otherwise it is changeable especially in the northwest still isolated thunderstorms.
on the coasts and on the mountains gusts of wind otherwise the wind blows moderately to fresh with showers and thunderstorms single stormy gusts occur.
tonight the temperatures drop to eight to minus one degree during the day the values rise to three to eleven degrees.
also on thursday variable weather in the higher highlands also snow showers.
on Friday it will be partly cloudy or foggy with isolated showers.
on saturday apart from clouds and fog partly sunshine.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the seventeenth june.
during the day in the north a lot of sun in the middle and in the south it rains abundantly in the south there are strong thunderstorms.
the wind blows slightly to moderately in the middle partly still fresh tomorrow.
fourteen degrees in the southwest tonight and five degrees in the north.
fourteen degrees during the day in continuous rain, otherwise values between eighteen and twenty-five degrees.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the seventh october.
in the south of germany still warm air flows tomorrow and thanks to light high pressure the sun can show up there more often.
Towards the north, a storm low becomes active, moving towards Scandinavia, bringing cooler air and rain clouds.
and so tonight in the north there will be partly showery rain in the first half of the day, otherwise only a few showers here and there the stars will be visible.
in the north and northwest tomorrow partly heavy rain also in the middle many clouds and some showers scattered thunderstorms.
It gets friendliest in the south.
There the wind blows slightly to moderately farther north also fresh from the southwest on the mountains as well as near the coast gales.
tonight spread mild fourteen to seventeen degrees on the coast eleven to thirteen degrees.
there tomorrow sixteen to eighteen degrees in the southwest to twenty-seven degrees.
The next few days will be cooler and unsettled on Thursday and wet, especially in the southern half.
from friday the sun will come back more often to rain, especially in the south.
Good evening dear viewers.
from tomorrow afternoon it will rain heavily again.
by tomorrow evening a few litres will come down to about ten to twenty litres per square metre.
but that's not all the rain continues.
Thursday evening it is still raining and then we can expect rainfall of thirty to seventy litres per square metre.
so it all has to go into the rivers because the levels will rise significantly on Thursday night and on Friday morning.
t stay dry tonight it will snow a bit in the east as well in the north.
and it can be slippery there before all things, partly there is also rain.
the temperatures will remain at zero degrees, but in the west it will remain frost-free.
and there we can expect between six and nine degrees tomorrow.
It will continue to be cooler in the northeast with around two to three degrees and the weather will initially bring sunshine or foggy cloudy weather.
In the beginning, however, there is also snow, at least in the low mountain ranges, and then the wind increases.
thursday the next rainy day with us massive rain you can say.
spring-like thirteen degrees in the west.
but thank goodness it will be a bit drier again at the weekend and probably a bit sunnier again.
Have a nice evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the twenty-ninth of August.
Low pressure systems will also bring changeable and cool weather tomorrow.
the start of the new week still looks rather cloudy but from tuesday onwards the high west will be noticeable.
during the night sometimes more or less clouds partly it is also clear locally there are still showers especially in the northern half.
from the northwest will bring more showers later on the coast also with lightning and thunder.
during the day it rains or thunderstorms, especially in the northern half in the northwest.
in the southern half there are less showers in some areas, sometimes the sun shows up for a longer time.
light to moderate in the north fresh to strong winds with stormy gusts in the west and northwest also isolated gusts.
in allgäu tonight six on the north sea to thirteen degrees.
in the vogtland and in the eifel tomorrow thirteen in the breisgau to twenty degrees.
on monday there will be little change in this weather.
on Tuesday it will slowly become friendlier from the west and on Wednesday the sun will show up more often and it will be a little warmer.
thereby severe weather is still possible, corresponding warnings of the German weather service apply.
tonight we have to expect thunderstorms in the eastern half and in the south. In some places it will rain for a longer time.
during the day it rains in the south and southeast, sometimes with sunshine and clouds.
in the course of the day there are more and more strong showers and thunderstorms.
the wind blows tomorrow light to moderate with showers and thunderstorms it refreshes strongly to stormy.
on the day seventeen degrees at the alps with sun values up to twenty-six degrees.
on Saturday and Sunday heavy rain is expected in the east and it is sometimes windy.
otherwise sunny times clouds in places showers or thunderstorms.
on monday, the clouds lie differently close together here and there it rains or showers.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the twenty-first of October.
in the northeastern half of Germany it still remains changeable under the influence of low pressure.
in addition, a storm low moving towards denmark will cause severe turbulence tomorrow evening in the north.
on the coasts the wind then reaches almost hurricane strength.
heavy snowfalls at the edge of the Alps.
it must be reckoned with smoothness.
where it clears up comes still freezing wetness.
in the rest of the country showers in the highlands snow in the north it starts to rain heavily later.
light to moderate in the north fresh to strong winds from west to southwest in the north towards evening heavy gusts along the coast also gale force gusts.
tomorrow three to nine in north friesland and in the breisgau up to ten degrees.
Friday and Saturday will be friendlier and milder under the influence of high pressure.
on Sunday rain clouds are coming from the west again.
Good evening dear viewers.
it is getting more summery again like today in the west and in the south the day started with sun and clouds.
so it will continue tomorrow in many places also in the east and at the coasts it will be sunnier again and above all also warmer.
after all, we have already been in the cool corner of central europe in our twenties, that's something.
In the next few days it will be even warmer but the heat here in the east we do not get.
Thirty to thirty-five degrees that remains a dream or even a nightmare sometimes that is too much.
tonight further small rain showers here in the northwest we already have and also under the Eifel.
but otherwise it will remain dry and tomorrow the day will start mostly with sunshine and clouds.
first of all it is dry, the clouds in the west are denser and in the afternoon there are rain showers down to the alps.
in the east on the other hand and also on the coasts we have sun and clouds and only a very weak wind.
the temperatures wonderful you can say finally times over twenty degrees twenty to twenty-four degrees it is mostly.
at the beach of north and east sea or in the middle mountains it stays a bit cooler.
but it is getting warmer you can almost say shepherd weather in the next few days with sun on the coasts yes and in the south because an umbrella does quite well.
Have a nice evening and do well.
Good evening dear viewers.
It will now be autumnal with gale and rain.
tonight it is raining in northern germany and later also in the middle mountains.
south of the Main it will remain mostly dry.
northern germany will have finished the rain tomorrow which means it will be quite friendly again, sun and clouds will change.
but in the afternoon we reach a new rain area at the North Sea coast with heavy gusts from the southwest.
and in southern germany yes we still have this rainband between main and danube mostly it weakens a bit towards the evening reaches the alps.
because it is quite friendly before.
yes, it remains stormy tonight the wind turns to the west.
Tomorrow at the North Sea in the afternoon again from the southwest and with it there will be in the evening also severe gales maybe even gale force gusts.
in northern germany we have maximum temperatures of about fifteen to seventeen degrees.
Otherwise it is eighteen to twenty-one degrees.
but it will get cooler in the next few days.
but it will not rain that much anymore and in southern Germany it already looks quite sunny.
Have a nice evening and do well.
Dear viewers good evening.
and therefore tomorrow the hottest day for the time being.
and the whole thing unfolds in heavy showers and thunderstorms tonight still over the western half and also over the north.
so it will not completely relax even in the night.
and tomorrow there will be a short easing of the weather in the south in the afternoon then thunderstorms again.
over the north already in the morning thundershowers and in the course of the day also quite severe weather danger again.
it will be even hotter than today twenty-four to thirty-three degrees.
Only on the coasts it stays a little cooler.
and this high humidity coupled with the heat ensures a strong heat load of the body and this applies to large parts of germany.
and so it will stay for the next few days.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday the thirteenth of december.
from thursday onwards there will be more snow when temperatures drop.
in the east and southeast at the beginning of the night rain in the mountains also snow.
otherwise partly cloudy and partly clear before more rain comes in from the west.
freezing rain or snow in the low mountain range.
during the day it rains widely.
only near the Alps usually dry.
in the northwest there will be clouds in the afternoon but still showers.
fresh, partly strong wind with gusts of wind.
especially on the mountains as well as on the coast hurricane gusts.
there is a severe weather warning of the German weather service.
tonight from the north sea to the Lower Rhine three to five degrees otherwise widespread values around the freezing point.
on thursday with falling temperatures in the highlands snow will be added and on friday the wind could cause severe weather.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the twentieth of october.
Low air pressure and polar cold air will bring wet and cold showers tomorrow.
in the highlands, the rain increasingly turns into snow.
Thanks to the influence of high pressure, it will be friendlier again from Thursday and a little milder from Friday onwards.
in the south there will be rain tonight otherwise here and there showers above about seven hundred meters partly also snow.
moderate to fresh west wind in the north with stormy gusts at the lake and on the mountains also gusts.
in north friesland tonight seven in the middle mountains partly only two to three degrees.
tomorrow five to nine in the rhein main area and at the east sea up to ten degrees.
also on thursday in the north stormy in the northeast half rain showers in the highlands partly snow.
direction southwest quite friendly.
On Fridays and Saturdays it will be a little milder.
a deep brings snow to the south of germany at night and even tomorrow.
otherwise a high which reaches from northern europe to the atlantic provides calm weather.
very cold air flows to us.
in the north the night is mostly clear otherwise it snows in some areas a bit more heavily in the south.
even during the day it snows in the south before the snow retreats in the course of the day into the alpine region.
in the north a lot of sun but also in the middle the sun shows up from time to time.
on the day minus ten degrees in the east and up to minus one degree on the upper Rhine.
on wednesday, after a partly very cold night, it is still in the southeast half more friendly in the north there is snow and partly the wind comes up stormy.
on thursday partly heavy snowfalls, it is quite windy.
on friday further cloudy weather with snow.
Good evening dear viewers.
We currently have fantastic sunny weather in northern Germany but also over the Central Mountains.
Persistent rain south of the Danube today throughout the day.
and this band of clouds will now slowly reach the central mountains in the next few hours.
and then it starts to rain before all things tonight then until tomorrow morning in the Saarland probably also on the main.
otherwise the rain from the alps decreases a bit in the north it becomes clear.
it was quite cool in schleswig holstein and mecklenburg vorpommern only six to nine degrees much milder under the rain clouds in southern germany.
and then tomorrow temperatures similar to today sixteen to twenty degrees warmer it will hardly be there.
but in northern germany with sunshine of twenty to twenty-four degrees only directly on the water of the north and east sea it is a bit cooler.
but there we have also dream weather sunshine during the whole day with only a slight weak northerly wind.
otherwise it will not be very strong tomorrow and then cloudy over the low mountain ranges.
and from the main well there it is cloudy it rains occasionally in the morning, especially in Rhineland palatinate probably.
In the afternoon there will be heavy rain showers and thunderstorms especially in southern Germany.
There can only be isolated gusts of wind but otherwise the wind is much weaker.
friday hardly any change still rain and thunderstorms in southern germany sun in the north.
then at the weekend nothing famous.
It will be cool and wet for all of us.
Have a nice evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday, the twenty-fifth of november.
the north and west of germany is getting more and more clouds.
rain they do not bring much but the wind is clearly picking up and reaches gale force in gusts especially at the sea.
in the middle and in the south the night starts partly clear before fog fields spread again in many places.
in the north there are more or less clouds that will condense tomorrow.
in the rest of the country a mixture of fog and sun in some lowlands of the south it stays cloudy all day while it gets quite friendly in the middle.
Later some rain is coming from the northwest.
in the south it is weaker otherwise moderate in the north fresh southwest wind on the coast it blows strongly with gusts of wind.
in the southern half tonight widespread frosty in northern Frisia up to eight degrees plus.
in the west tomorrow until twelve degrees in the southeast with viscous fog around the freezing point.
on saturday sometimes cloudy and sunny, a little rain that can freeze in the south.
in the north windy with partly heavy gusts at the lake.
the low is still there but the main rain falls tomorrow in poland.
and here, too, the situation is tense.
Tomorrow it will be relatively calm with regard to the weather.
the night also very cool single digit temperatures in the north even only three degrees.
and also tomorrow it will remain where it is close to here in the east still with dense clouds occasionally with a few raindrops but no large quantities.
to the west it gets drier and friendlier before all things in the afternoon then also more often the sun shines.
But it will remain relatively cool tomorrow with only ten to a maximum of thirteen degrees.
and such a two degree increase are already in the next few days, it will not be more.
partly not dry but at least from time to time a little sunny.
and now I wish you a nice evening.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the third of september.
over northwestern Europe lies a stable high over western russia a low.
In between, relatively cool air flows to us from Scandinavia.
This means it will be a bit sunnier in the coming days but hardly warmer.
during the night dense fields of clouds move from the middle to the south in places it rains.
from the north it clears up here and there.
as soon as the fog has cleared, the sun and clouds alternate with isolated showers in the southwest and south, the sun shines for a longer time.
the wind blows mostly light from north to northeast.
tonight three degrees at the alps thirteen degrees at the lake.
fifteen degrees in the vogtland and twenty-two degrees in the breisgau.
on saturday it will be mostly sunny in the west otherwise apart from sunshine denser clouds in the east half isolated showers.
on sunday lots of sunshine in the east single showers.
also on monday it will be mostly sunny with only a few clouds in the east showers here and there.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, friday, the twenty-eighth of may.
clouds of the deep over the north sea cross us in the night and tomorrow.
After that, the weather gradually improves from the west.
Particularly after midnight it rains or showers in many places in the northwest.
during the day the rain showers spread further over the southeast half and occasionally strong thunderstorms develop.
in the northwest half, the showers during the day, especially towards the west, sometimes the sun shows up for a longer time.
the wind blows light to moderate at the coast partly fresh with strong thunderstorms.
tonight thirteen degrees in the Upper Rhine and four degrees in the uckermark.
thirteen degrees on the North Sea and up to twenty-two degrees in Upper Bavaria.
on saturday it will be mostly friendly with isolated showers or thunderstorms in the south and the northwest.
on Monday hardly anything changes, especially in the east it rains heavily in some places.
Milder air is pouring in temporarily.
but new clouds will reach us from the west tomorrow.
during the night it is mostly dry in the northeast as well as south of the Danube.
the wind blows light to moderate occasionally also fresh with showers and thunderstorms gusts are possible.
tonight ten degrees on the Lower Rhine and one degree in the north.
on the day then ten degrees in the eifel and in places nineteen degrees in bavaria.
the outlook on wednesday in the northeast initially heavy rain otherwise it will be variable in the highlands snow showers.
also on thursday rain and sleet showers in between from time to time sun.
Especially in the northwest half it is very windy.
On Friday it will be windy in the north with a little less showers overall.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the twenty-third of february.
cold continental air determines our weather so that the coming night will be the coldest in some regions of germany this february.
also the day starts cloudy in the north and west, otherwise it is mostly sunny.
in the southeastern half it remains friendly while otherwise the clouds become denser in the evening snow in the far west.
in the southeast half the wind blows slightly towards the northwest moderately fresh at the north sea.
tonight minus five degrees in the southwest minus seventeen degrees in the east.
on the day minus eight degrees in eastern Saxony plus four degrees on the upper Rhine.
on thursday it is partly friendly in the east otherwise some rain freezing rain or snow in some areas.
also on friday it is partly friendly in the east otherwise it rains here and there in the southeast it snows a bit.
Saturday will also see some rain and snow in the northeast.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the thirtieth of May.
the deep one that moves from Great Britain towards the Baltic Sea will certainly be our weather tomorrow.
the air that flows to us is moderately warm at first, but later becomes colder and colder.
during the night the clouds from the west will spread denser rain showers, partly accompanied by thunderstorms.
Tomorrow there will be some heavy showers in some areas and it will rain for a longer time, especially in the afternoon there will be some thunderstorms.
the wind blows mostly moderately sometimes freshly distributed there are strong gusts with showers and thunderstorms must also be expected with gusts of wind.
tonight thirteen degrees on the Upper Rhine and eight degrees in the Bavarian forest.
in the day values between fourteen and twenty degrees.
on tuesday the clouds loosen up in the western half, otherwise it rains in places.
on wednesday in the north and east here and there rain towards the southwest is partly friendly.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Saturday, the fourth of september.
even the west of germany will benefit from the high in norway tomorrow.
in the northeast there will be some showers tonight otherwise it will be mostly dry and it will clear up partially.
Fog forms here and there, especially in river valleys.
the wind blows mostly light from north to northeast at the east sea moderate easterly wind.
tonight three to ten degrees at the lake twelve degrees.
on sunday lots of sunshine in the east single showers.
Also on Monday it will be mainly sunny, but mostly dry for a while.
on tuesday in the northeast half a lot of sunshine from the southwest comes up rain.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow saturday the tenth of december.
the stormy low moves on to finland.
the south of Germany it still leaves partly heavy rain while it provides in the north for very windy and changeable showers.
also tonight there will be snow or sleet showers in the north.
Occasionally there may be thunderstorms.
in the middle, on the other hand.
in the south it rains sometimes heavily in the highlands also snow falls.
tomorrow there will be snow south of the danube as well as in the black forest rain in higher altitudes.
in the northwest a bit less than a centimetre but partly in the lowlands in the west ten in the east up to thirty centimetres and in the Erzgebirge up to seventy-five centimetres of snow.
there is hardly anything to add but it will still snow a bit tonight not so much in northern Germany otherwise it clears up.
the temperatures will drop to minus twelve and minus twenty degrees in the bottomless sea and tomorrow morning in the northwest we will have between minus four and minus seven degrees.
also during the day still permafrost between minus four and minus ten degrees at the north sea will be a bit milder the wind turns there to the southwest brings a few snow showers but it will not be much more.
otherwise it is cloudy or in between just sometimes sunny and in southeastern Bavaria it is very cloudy because it is snowing at times a snowfall area moves there again over the alps to the northeast.
yes on saturday little changes but on sunday the day starts with snow in the west then with freezing rain and it gets a bit milder.
Have a nice evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the fifteenth of december.
the northwestern part of germany will have some nice weather tomorrow.
but because it retreats to the atlantic the way becomes clear for a new low which brings us partly heavy snowfalls on thursday.
tonight a Balkan deep provides plenty of snow in the eastern half of germany.
severe weather warning of the german weather service exists for large parts of Saxony.
in the west and northwest it can stay clear for a longer time.
Tomorrow in the southeast partly heavy snowfall.
otherwise only a few flakes locally and in the northwest the sun can be seen more often.
in the Erzgebirge, stormy gusts can still lead to snow drifts today.
light to moderate winds from northwest to west in the eastern half tomorrow.
In places tonight severe frost will be the least cold on record at minus one degree.
on the North Sea tomorrow plus two on the edge of the Alps minus seven degrees.
very windy on thursday and from the northwest partly heavy snowfalls spread at the beginning also freezing rain.
on friday the weather calms down before in the course of saturday new snow is coming in from the west.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday, the eighteenth of may.
low air pressure will also determine the weather in large parts of germany in the next few days.
but since warmer air flows in again, the temperatures rise and at the Pentecost weekend the sun can show up again more often.
at night the sky is sometimes more or less cloudy here and there rain falls.
Especially in the northwest it is clear for a long time locally fog forms.
a mostly moderate to fresh and strong gusting wind blows from the northwest.
with longer clear tonight locally two at or up to nine degrees.
tomorrow cool ten to fifteen degrees on the Upper Rhine to seventeen degrees.
Thursday and Friday variable partly also thundery.
It will be much warmer, especially in the north.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, friday the fourteenth of august.
the south of germany is still under rain clouds while otherwise increasing air pressure provides for quite friendly weather.
on saturday it really comes into its own and brings us a lot of sunshine with mostly summer temperatures.
south of the main falls today still partly showery rain at the beginning there are also some thunderstorms.
Fog is forming locally.
in the south there will be sunshine and clouds tomorrow bringing some showers or thunderstorms, especially between the danube and the alps.
Otherwise mostly friendly and dry.
in sauerland tonight cool eight to fifteen degrees on the danube.
tomorrow values from eighteen degrees on the north sea to twenty-six degrees in the breisgau.
on Saturday a lot of sunshine with up to thirty degrees near the coast prevail the clouds and occasionally bring rain.
and also tomorrow comes very cool air from the north which also brings plenty of showers.
but in the south the showers are really slowed down.
the night will be very cool where it will be clear in the middle and in the south from zero to minus one degree it can also be slippery in the morning on wet roads.
we still have strong showers in the north, isolated thunderstorms and sleet or sleet on the east coast.
also in the south it rains and snows partly into the valleys.
stormy wind tomorrow over the north with heavy gusts of wind in the crests of the low mountain ranges and at the north sea and heavy showers are moving over northern Germany.
the highest temperatures but only so between two and maximum nine degrees.
it remains a bit unsettled still in the north in the next few days but otherwise very friendly weather at least a bit milder.
and only on Sunday from the west again a few showers.
That was it for the weather they had a nice evening.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the twenty-sixth of August.
Towards the south sometimes cloudy sometimes clear and mostly dry.
Also during the day it remains mostly friendly in the south.
in the north there will be longer lasting and heavy rain in the middle there will be showers and thunderstorms which can be severe from the afternoon onwards with heavy rain hail and heavy gales.
otherwise light to moderate in the middle occasionally fresh southwest wind.
in the north it comes from different directions in the highlands squalls are possible.
night temperatures from ten degrees in the Allgäu to sixteen degrees in the breisgau.
heavy thunderstorms also on Friday, partly with heavy rainfall.
at the weekend we can expect changeable and quite cool weather.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the twenty-ninth of july.
the deep over the Baltic Sea in the northeast of Germany continues to cause partly longer lasting rain.
in the southwest there will be further showers tonight and thunderstorms in the northeast there will be partly clear and partly cloudy in some areas.
Northeast of the city it will continue to rain tomorrow in the southern half with local showers becoming more numerous and intense later.
also thunderstorms are thereby the locally again bad weather-like heavy rain can bring.
in the other regions much friendlier.
the wind blows slightly to moderately on the coast fresh to strong and in thunderstorms strong gusts from northwest to west.
in upper franconia tonight nine on the east sea to sixteen degrees.
tomorrow seventeen to twenty-four on the main to twenty-five degrees.
at the weekend it will be cooler in the northeast half with some rainfall while the sun may show more frequently towards the southwest.
this bifurcation of the weather will continue on monday.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow wednesday the thirtieth of september.
two depths determine our weather, the low over the north sea and the low that attracts from scotland.
together they will ensure changeable weather in large parts of germany tomorrow.
the south is still benefiting from high air pressure.
in the middle of the night it is raining here and there in the south.
during the day it is mostly friendly in the south and southwest as well as from the coasts to the Erzgebirge.
otherwise it rains here and there a little bit later the clouds will follow in the northwest.
tonight fourteen degrees on the Lower Rhine and up to three degrees in the northeast there is ground frost in places.
in the day then fourteen to twenty-three degrees.
on thursday more clouds than sun there will be some showers.
on friday it rains in the alps and in the north it is quite friendly and dry.
on saturday it is rainy to the south in the north with stormy wind.
the deep over the north sea is noticeable in the night and day mornings in the north and west of germany with some snow.
during the day it snows here and there in the north and northwest at the north sea also snow rain.
in the south it is mostly friendly and dry away from fog or high fog fields.
on wednesday it snows mainly in the southeast and in the northwest in places on thursday in the northeast under snow.
otherwise the sun shows up next to many clouds.
Heavy snowfall is expected on Friday, especially in the southeast half.
it is partly very windy.
Good evening dear viewers.
keep your fingers crossed it could get sunnier again tomorrow in southern Germany.
the weather is changing a bit.
until now the warm air came directly from the southwest to us now more over western europe it flows to the north.
we get rather the cooler air from the east but it is mostly dry.
that means the fog fields will dissolve more strongly.
not yet there tonight we still have the high fog and fog over southern germany.
in the second half of the night here in eastern Bavaria loosens up a bit on it will be quite cool.
Tomorrow morning it will be four degrees in the east and five to eight degrees in the west.
and it will be warmest again during the day.
but it will be mostly sunny the fog fields dissolve very quickly.
some stay longer probably here in the southwest partly also the whole day probably at the bodensee this is the case.
and the sunny weather in northern germany is accompanied by a fresh southeasterly wind.
yes with a lot of sunshine with simple fog fields it is going to be cool over the weekend and it will be really cool next week.
Have a nice evening and do well.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, tuesday the tenth of may.
from the west, an atlantic depression with clouds and isolated showers is slowly making itself felt.
from emsland to north friesland scattered showers are possible tonight also in the west there are clouds here and there otherwise it is widely clear.
during the day in the east and southeast a lot of sunshine in the other regions still some loose clouds.
in the western parts of the country in the afternoon and evening isolated showers or thunderstorms.
then the wind refreshes strongly gusty otherwise it blows only weakly at the coast also moderately.
in the eastern half it comes from the southeast in the western half from different directions.
on the edge of the alps tonight only two in emsland to fifteen degrees.
on wednesday sun and clouds alternate from the west with showers and thunderstorms eastward which can be heavy locally.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the thirty-first of July.
between an atlantic high and the deep over poland cool sea air flows to germany.
to the southwest, the high already brings quite friendly weather, while the deep in the east still provides for abundant rain.
there are severe weather warnings of the German weather service.
There it will be friendliest tomorrow.
in the northeast and east there will be some heavy rain locally with thunder and lightning.
also in the rest of the country many clouds but mostly dry.
tonight seven degrees on the edge of the alps sixteen on the east sea.
tomorrow thirteen degrees in continuous rain to twenty-three on the Upper Rhine in the sun.
on monday in the north and east still rain otherwise significantly friendlier.
on Tuesday is mostly sunny and warm.
on wednesday some heavy showers and thunderstorms will develop again in the western half.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow saturday the fourteenth of november.
in the east of Germany, high air pressure makes itself noticeable at first.
Later there will be a deep downpour in the west as before.
the air that flows to us is still mild.
Tonight it rains on the coasts occasionally fog develops.
towards the north, the day often begins in a friendly way in the west, it rains here and there in the morning.
with showers at the north sea squalls otherwise the wind blows light to moderate.
on Sunday rain clouds from the west will come up again in the northeast, it will remain the longest friendly.
on monday it will rain occasionally in the north and west it will be windy.
on tuesday it rains in many places and in some places the sun shows up if then especially at the alps.
Good evening dear viewers.
a mild but also wet night is ahead of us rain showers and thunderstorms are approaching and will now cross germany in the next hours.
This area of rain will then move eastwards tomorrow.
but there is still a bit of rain and thunderstorms in the Alps.
It will be a bit cooler behind and there will be few showers during the day.
but tonight and in the next few hours showers and thunderstorms in the west will continue to move into the east until tomorrow morning.
The rain will be especially heavy in the northwest but in the southeast of Bavaria it will remain dry.
and during the day we have a division into two parts so already in the northwest it is not twenty to twenty-five degrees but only twelve to eighteen degrees.
also otherwise rather the strong clouds short sunny parts but also a short rain shower and a strong wind mainly from the south-west in northern germany.
s going to be a bit cooler for all of us at the weekend eleven to nineteen degrees on Sunday.
and it will be quite wet on Sunday.
Have a nice evening and do well.
in the middle and in the south rain falls here and there above about four hundred meters there is also snow.
Dry tomorrow in the north and partly friendly otherwise more clouds than sun and occasionally rain.
in the afternoon in the south also heavier showers with sleet in the higher mountains snow.
south of the Danube tonight zero to minus two otherwise values between one and five degrees plus.
also in the coming days the north lies rather on the sunny side while it remains changeable in the rest of the country.
only slowly it gets milder again and from the north also friendlier.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the thirtieth of January.
the mostly calm, friendly winter weather will stay with us also at the beginning of next week.
Wednesday and then lows again bringing freezing rain and snowfall.
Tonight it is starry in many places, fog is forming.
in the north and east high fog-like clouds in the far north there may be freezing rain.
in the northern German lowlands some rain or snow.
tomorrow the wind blows in the north and in the middle weak in the south sometimes moderate wind.
tonight minus one degree on sylt to minus eighteen degree in the south.
on the day minus five degrees in the Bavarian forest and up to five degrees plus on the Lower Rhine.
on monday in the north and south partly dense clouds or high fog away from it a lot of sunshine.
Similar weather on Tuesday.
on wednesday in the northern half some rain or snow further south in addition to high fog sunshine.
between the high in Scotland and the low over Poland again colder air flows to us.
in the north and west it is loosening tonight and in some areas it will rain.
in the northeast it snows partly into the lowlands.
hardly any rain or snow during the day on the coasts and in the northwest, otherwise there will be more and more snow from the northeast.
especially at night in the eastern central mountains gale force winds caution because of snow drifts.
otherwise the wind blows only slightly to moderate.
tonight three to minus five degrees on the day then zero degrees in the middle mountains and five degrees on the rhine.
the views on monday the clouds are different close together it snows only sporadically.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the fourth of december.
nordic low foothills bring stormy winds and rain clouds.
in the new week there is also more snow in colder air, especially in the highlands.
In the southern hemisphere there will be some rain tonight further north and the clouds will pick up.
but especially near the coast there are some scattered showers with thunder and lightning.
Also tomorrow there will be isolated thundery showers in the north.
in the southern half it rains in many places.
Towards the evening, some heavy rain is spreading from the west.
in the highlands also snow trickles.
In many places there are strong to stormy gusts scattered gales.
at the lake heavy gusts of wind which will also have to be expected in the southern half tomorrow evening.
at night two to six degrees in the west and at the north sea up to seven degrees.
tomorrow temperatures from five degrees in the Vogtland to thirteen degrees on the Upper Rhine.
rain, sleet and snow, especially in the highlands.
Good evening dear viewers.
Tomorrow it will be a bit cooler than today and this is due to the showers and thunderstorms that are currently mainly moving over northern germany.
and then we have the heat towards the southwest and there it stays also spain forty degrees.
and from thursday this heat comes back to us.
yes showers and thunderstorms now especially in the eastern half in the next hours continue.
in the second half of the night also strong thunderstorms may be with us again.
in the southeast, however, we only have hardly any showers and thunderstorms and it remains quite mild in the east sixteen seventeen degrees with the rain there.
but in the west with clear skies it is going down really fresh nine degrees tomorrow morning.
and also tomorrow it will be a little cooler than today mostly around twenty degrees in the north but up to twenty-five degrees again in the southwest.
and the weather is so tripartite rain showers a few at least in the northwest and in schleswig holstein then also showers especially in the morning here in the Erzgebirge up to the alps there may also be thunderstorms.
but in the middle quite friendly with sun and clouds.
and a fresh strong northwesterly wind blows.
yes he falls asleep in the next few days it will be mostly sunny.
it is getting hotter and hotter Thursday to Friday even to thirty-four degrees.
I wish you a nice evening and make it good.
a deep over central europe brings us snow tonight and tomorrow and partly freezing rain.
the north and northeast of germany will benefit from high air pressure tomorrow.
also tonight it is mostly dry in the rest of the country there is widespread snow in the southwest, especially in low areas there is also rain which can freeze occasionally.
gently smooth.
in the north and northeast it will remain mostly dry tomorrow and the sun may show up during the day.
Northeast of the same tonight again severe frost in the southwest values around freezing point.
in the northeast will continue to experience double-digit minus degrees in the Breisgau region tomorrow plus three degrees.
on tuesday in the northern half dry and partly friendly towards the south some snow falls here and there.
on wednesday snow and rain will move in from the north.
also on Thursday changeable but not so cold.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow saturday the sixteenth of july.
Tomorrow high air pressure will give us a rather friendly day.
In addition, warmer air flows in from the southwest, which together with the sun causes rising temperatures.
on sunday the foothills of an atlantic low with rain clouds will move from northwest to germany.
in the northeast half it is partly cloudy towards the east sea tonight there are also isolated showers.
Otherwise, the stars often show up.
tomorrow the sun is shining widely from the palatinate forest to the german bay, there are also denser clouds with isolated showers on the way.
Thunderstorms develop here and there over the alps in the afternoon.
in the southeast weak otherwise moderate southerly wind with strong gusts.
in upper swabia tonight cool four in north friesland up to fourteen degrees.
on sunday in the northwest half many clouds and occasional rain in the east and south at first still friendly later then showers and partly strong thunderstorms.
the new week starts changeable and everywhere much cooler.
Behind it, cool sea air flows in so that it will also be significantly cooler in Bavaria and Baden-Wuerttemberg than today.
during the night, sometimes heavy rainfall shifts from the center to the south behind it, it is clear in many places.
where it has rained before, fog forms locally.
Tomorrow the rain will move further south.
in the rest of the country sometimes sunny times clouds.
It will be friendliest from west to the center.
in the north isolated showers are developing.
the wind blows light to moderate in the north fresh with strong at the sea with stormy gusts.
in the breisgau tonight until fourteen in the sauerland a cool three degrees.
tomorrow temperatures from eleven degrees in upper franconia to sixteen degrees on the upper rhine.
on monday first early fog then a mixture of sun and loose clouds which are denser in the northeast.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Thursday, the twenty-fourth of march.
on the east side of the high over the UK some clouds will move over northern germany tomorrow.
apart from that, the high altitude ensures sunny and furthermore very mild spring-like weather here in Germany.
the night is mostly clear in the north and northeast it is partly cloudy.
Fog is forming locally.
it has dissolved seems tomorrow the sun spreads.
the wind blows weakly on the coasts, it blows fresh to strong from the northwest.
tonight five degrees frost in the rhein main area, especially in bavaria.
day eight degrees on the North Sea coast and twenty degrees in the southwest.
on friday it will be sunny in the south-west and cloudy in the north-east.
on Saturday partly dense clouds partly clearing up rain or snow showers.
on sunday there will be showers in the north and west towards the southeast.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the twelfth of february.
the unsettled winter weather with snowfalls continues.
only the extreme northwest of Germany benefits from the one high above Great Britain.
at the north sea it is dry tonight otherwise it snows occasionally light to moderate caution due to slippage.
during the day it snows mainly in a strip from the northeast to the low mountain range, otherwise it snows occasionally.
at the North Sea some sun.
in the northwest half the wind blows moderate to fresh at the east sea single gusts of wind.
caution due to snow drifts.
tonight values between minus two and minus ten degrees on the day then values between minus six degrees on the alps and zero degrees in the northeast.
on Saturday it snows from time to time, especially towards the northeast.
on sunday it hardly snows any more, especially in the northwest and southeast.
on monday quite quiet winter weather sunny clouds partly fog but dry.
Nevertheless, we have to prepare for changeable weather at the weekend.
sometimes sunny and sometimes cloudy, but also some rain falls.
the night clear from the north, but denser clouds move through.
in the southeast there will be some showers.
during the day clouds dominate south of the Danube here and there showers.
also some thunderstorms are with us.
during the day temperatures rise to sixteen degrees in the Alps and twenty-two degrees in the Upper Rhine.
on sunday on the alps single showers otherwise it is friendly in the south.
in the north and in the middle denser clouds occasionally it rains.
on monday and tuesday not much sunshine in some areas it rains here and there also lightning and thunder.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow friday the second july.
on the western side of the high above central europe, hot air flows to us.
on saturday the heat reaches its peak with values around thirty-six degrees.
then some severe thunderstorms must be expected.
after the last showers have subsided in the night it remains dry and it is clear or only loosely cloudy.
during the day lots of sunshine and a few clouds.
over the Black Forest at the alps and in the far west single strong heat thunderstorms.
at the lake the wind blows light to moderate, otherwise mostly only weak.
also on Saturday it will be mostly sunny from the afternoon on there will be some showers and thunderstorms in the western half.
on monday partly sunny, partly cloudy and some thundershowers.
Dear viewers good evening.
Today is between heat in the east and cooling in the west.
the change of weather is already in full swing partly with strong thunderstorms since the afternoon hours are on the way.
easily recognizable also by the development of lightning from the Alps over Saxony to brandenburg.
and the lightning was partly accompanied by heavy downpours, these are the red echoes on our radar film.
parallel to it runs also a rainband that stretches from the bodensee black forest towards the northeast.
Tomorrow morning the thunderstorms or heavy rain in the east southeast will still persist.
it can rain abundantly while at the same time it is dry and quite friendly in the west.
in the afternoon there will also be some heavy rain showers in the west.
individual thunderstorms remain at their friendliest in the coastal environment of the north and east.
from the temperature with a little more sun twenty-six degrees in the north and on the Rhine in the rain we experience a real fall because it stays partially below twenty degrees.
and at the weekend the south will be a bit more mixed than the north.
the highest temperature will be about twenty-five degrees so from the heat back to our normal summer.
and now an interesting evening.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, Sunday, the twenty-second of August.
the high above southeastern Europe determines the weather tomorrow in southern germany.
otherwise a low over northern Europe provides for variable partly thundery weather.
during the night it is partly cloudy in the north, especially on the coasts, isolated showers or thunderstorms.
Towards the south it is mostly clear.
during the day northwards and in the middle of the day the clouds will spread with showers and thunderstorms which can be severe.
in the south it remains sunny.
the wind blows light to moderate at the sea fresh with showers and thunderstorms heavy gusts.
on the day twenty degrees in north friesland thirty-three degrees on the rhine.
on monday partly heavy showers and thunderstorms which can be severe in the north it is very windy.
on tuesday in the south still rain apart from showers also longer, friendly parts.
on wednesday sunny times clouds especially in the north isolated showers or thunderstorms.
and now the weather forecast for tomorrow, monday the twenty-eighth of january.
in the next few days with almost spring-like temperatures only rain.
tonight there is still snow or rain in the east and south with the risk of freezing in places.
Especially in the north and west it clears up locally on fog.
tomorrow for a long time frost-free again one degree on the edge of the Alps to eight degrees on the Upper Rhine.
On Tuesday it will be very windy and rainy.
on wednesday the wind picks up and the rain continues.
in the south there is also the sun.
Thursday often begins in a friendly way later, with rain coming in from the west.
it remains windy.
